LONDON  —   Queen Elizabeth II, who has been battling a cold for more than a week, missed a New Year’s Day church service at her country estate in Sandringham, Buckingham Palace said on Sunday. A week earlier, the queen, who is 90, missed a Christmas Day church service, for the first time since 1988, because of the illness. “The Queen does not yet feel ready to attend church as she is still recuperating from a heavy cold,” the palace said in a statement. The queen’s husband, Prince Philip, who had also been ill, was well enough to attend both services, in the church at Sandringham, which is in Norfolk, on the east coast of England. The queen, who ascended to the throne in 1952, became the world’s   monarch following the death of King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand in October. She is also Britain’s   monarch, having last year surpassed Queen Victoria’s   reign. Her mother lived until the age of 101. It was a close call for the queen. A walk around the grounds of Buckingham Palace in the very early morning hours nearly got Queen Elizabeth II shot by one of her guards, The Times of London reported on Wednesday. When she has a difficult time sleeping, the queen will put on a raincoat and walk around the palace grounds, The Times reported, quoting a former guardsman. He was on patrol inside the palace walls at 3 a. m. on an unspecified day several years ago when he saw a figure in the darkness, according to reports. Thinking he had spotted an intruder, The Times said, he called out, “Who’s that?” “To his surprise, it was the queen,” according to the account. “‘Bloody hell, Your Majesty, I nearly shot you,’ he blurted out. ” Realizing his remarks were inappropriate, the guard expected to be rebuked. Instead, The Times reported, Her Majesty replied: “That’s quite all right. Next time I’ll ring through beforehand so you don’t have to shoot me. ” A year after James S. Snyder announced his decision to step down as director, the Israel Museum in Jerusalem has chosen his successor: Eran Neuman, currently the director of the David Azrieli School of Architecture at Tel Aviv University, will begin the position on Feb. 19. Mr. Snyder, who served for 20 years and becomes director emeritus, will continue in the newly created role of international president, developing the museum’s network of organizations, programming, collections and facilities. Mr. Neuman is also the founder of the Azrieli Architectural Archive at the Tel Aviv Museum of Art and the   of Open Source Architecture, an international research collaborative. “Eran is someone who knows how to build institutional resources, create collaborative initiatives and bring new ideas to life,” Mr. Snyder said in a statement. “He is both an innovator and a scholar. ” The reaction on social media to the news that Beyoncé is pregnant with twins was by turns swift, sweet and strange. While Beyonce’s Super Bowl performance of the hit song “Formation” was seen as a pointed political statement, addressing issues like black pride and police brutality, it and the video drew anger from some in law enforcement who said they were an attack on their profession. Then there were others like the police officer in Virginia who recreated her formidable choreography to inspire high school students. A phone call to the Atlanta department seeking comment was not immediately returned on Wednesday. The following organizations direct donations to help cope with Zika in Latin America. Depending on the organization, the funding may be used to help provide services to affected families, educate people about preventing Zika infection, contribute to efforts to improve diagnosis, or other functions. CuraZika Center at the University of Pittsburgh: Collaborates with several clinics in Brazil, including the Altino Ventura Foundation and the Association for the Assistance of Disabled Children, supporting efforts like treatment, therapy and legal assistance. Unicef Zika Global Response: Helps efforts throughout Latin America and the Caribbean, focusing on prevention, diagnosis, vaccine development and other goals. Save the Children: Contributes to prevention education. Scientists reviewing video from camera traps watched dumbfounded as a   badger worked four days to bury a   calf carcass. Badgers, carnivores native to the American West, are generally nocturnal and spend most of their time in burrows. They are known to cache food to eat later  —   squirrels and rabbits, typically. No one has ever seen a badger put away such a large hunk of meat. The scientists had put out seven calf carcasses in an attempt to study scavenging behavior. At one site, the carcass had completely disappeared. A look at video from the camera trap was enough to see what had happened. After burying the carcass, the badger built a den next to his large food supply. No other badger visited the site. “It’s a substantial undertaking,” said Ethan H. Frehner, an associate instructor in biology at the University of Utah. Broadway’s biggest stars arrived for the 2016 Tony Awards on Sunday night at the Beacon Theater. The red carpet was gusty (“A wind tunnel,” as the “Girls” actor Andrew Rannells described it) but the mood was solemn in the wake of the mass shooting in Orlando, Fla. The most common accessory was a silver ribbon, worn in memory of the victims. The Supreme Court’s   vote in a major immigration case on Thursday dealt a blow to President Obama’s ambitious plan to to shield millions of undocumented immigrants from deportation and allow them to work. Here are reactions on all sides of the issue. In a major abortion ruling Monday, the Supreme Court struck down parts of a Texas law that would have forced dozens of clinics to close. Here are reactions from all sides of the issue. No. What? Congress has until midnight Friday to come up with a plan to fund the government through early December, or once again, it will be lights out for many operations. The problem this time: Passing a plan all seemed quite simple, since Democrats and Republicans gave up several policy items they wanted attached to the overall spending bill. But the measure still omits $220 million that Democrats wanted to help Flint, Mich. and other cities manage emergencies, and they are threatening to block the bill when it comes to the Senate floor on Tuesday. Who to watch: Senator Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader, and Senator Harry Reid, the Democratic leader from Nevada, who may broker a final deal. Keep an eye on Senator Debbie Stabenow, Democrat of Michigan and a longstanding and fierce advocate for Flint who rarely gives up a legislative fight easily. In this week’s podcast, the actress Ruth Negga (“Loving”) reads “My Touchstone and a Heart of Gold,” the story of a woman who realizes that loving her means loving her tortoise, too. You can listen to her reading using the player above, or find the episode on iTunes and Google Play Music. The author, Caroline Leavitt, is a novelist. Her book “Is This Tomorrow and Pictures of You” was a New York Times best seller. You can find her on Twitter. Ms. Negga’s latest movie, “Loving,” was released last week. The film tells the story of Richard and Mildred Loving, whose Supreme Court case led to the unanimous decision that   marital laws were unconstitutional. Pope Francis has chosen Barbara Jatta as the first woman to direct the Vatican Museums. Currently the museums’ deputy director, Dr. Jatta, 54, will take over on Jan. 1, 2017, becoming the   female administrator in the Vatican, where most senior positions are reserved for cardinals and bishops. The Vatican Museums, which include the Sistine Chapel, are among the most popular in the world. They drew six million visitors in 2015, and are also a major revenue source for the Vatican. Dr. Jatta succeeds Antonio Paolucci, the director since 2007. On his watch, the museums installed a new   system in the Sistine Chapel and restored Raphael’s “School of Athens” frescoes. A professor of history of graphic arts at the University of Naples, Dr. Jatta has been at the Vatican since 1996, as curator of graphics in the prints department and the head of the Cabinet of Prints in the Vatican Apostolic Library. Jason Miller, who was named as White House communications director by   Donald J. Trump two days ago, has informed Mr. Trump that he will not take the job, according to a statement from Mr. Miller. In the statement, Mr. Miller said he wanted to spend more time with his family. His wife is expecting their second child in January, he said. “It’s clear they need to be my top priority right now, and this is not the time to start a new job as demanding as White House communications director,” Mr. Miller wrote. A veteran of several Republican campaigns, Mr. Miller was an avid supporter of Mr. Trump, appearing regularly on television on his behalf throughout the campaign. He had been a principal spokesman during the transition period. In the statement, Mr. Miller said that Sean Spicer, who was recently named press secretary, would serve as communications director, as well. Christmas jams at the tunnel   Chop through hustle and bustle   Snow and lights make wonderland   Out of this concrete jungle. Mary J. Blige, “Christmas in the City” Lincoln Center Theater unexpectedly announced Sunday that it would close its production of “The King and I” this month. The sumptuous production, which opened in April of 2015, won the Tony Award for best musical revival last year, and had performed strongly at the box office for months. But its weekly grosses dropped after the departure of its   star, Kelli O’Hara, in April. Lincoln Center, a nonprofit, said it would end the production on June 26, at which point it will have played 538 performances. A national tour is scheduled to begin in November. The show features music by Richard Rodgers and book and lyrics by Oscar Hammerstein II. The revival is directed by Bartlett Sher. One of the unexpected byproducts of the streaming era is how a certain tier of artists  —   already famous, prone to eccentricity  —   have doubled down on albums. These blocks of work demand to be consumed as a whole, and serve as an enemy of the ephemerality of music consumption. This year, artists like Beyoncé, Bon Iver, Kanye West, Sturgill Simpson and Frank Ocean delivered albums that were meant to be taken in all at once, and pushed aesthetic boundaries while doing so. All of their albums appear on     lists from the pop and jazz critics of The New York Times  —   some on more than one. On this week’s Popcast, I speak with Jon Pareles, the chief pop music critic, and Joe Coscarelli, the pop music reporter, about the year’s best albums, the ones widely agreed on and the ones with more specific, narrow appeal. Related article The Best Albums of 2016 As part of the magazine’s annual The Lives They Lived issue, we invite readers to contribute a photograph and a story of someone close to them who died this year. A number of submissions will be chosen to be published on The New York Times website. All entries must be submitted by Dec. 31, 2016, to be eligible for consideration. George Michael, the pop superstar and  icon of the 1980s and ’90s, died on Sunday, provoking an outpouring of fond and   reaction from fans around the world, many of them celebrities in their own right. The rapper   the singer LeAnn Rimes Cibrian and the actor William Shatner all echoed a frustration shared by many on social media in response to a raft of recent celebrity deaths: The year had claimed yet another respected soul, they lamented. The actor Rob Lowe and the   songwriter Josh Groban, as did many others, praised Mr. Michael’s striking singing voice. While others, like Questlove, the drummer for the   group the Roots the rock band OneRepublic and comedian Ellen DeGeneres, remembered him simply as a legendary musician. Some found themselves short on words to describe what they felt. Others remembered him for the role he played as a gay icon who came out in 1998 and had long supported gay rights. PARIS  —   A fire swept through a bar in northern France early Saturday, killing at least 13 people and injuring six others, the police and the interior minister said. The fire broke out after midnight at a birthday party at the Cuba Libre bar in the city of Rouen, in the Normandy region. More than 80 firefighters battled the blaze, Rouen’s mayor, Yvon Robert, said after it was extinguished. The fire was “totally accidental,” Mr. Robert told Europe 1 radio, mentioning a possible gas explosion “from the heat in a basement room doubtless too small for the number of people present. ” It was not known how many people had been at the club. Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said a judicial investigation had been opened to discover the cause of the blaze. The actress Taissa Farmiga (“The Bling Ring,” “American Horror Story: Murder House”) reads “Friends Without Benefits” by Hannah Selinger, an essay about romantic infatuation and learning to finally let someone go. You can also hear the episode on iTunes and Stitcher. Afterward, we’ll talk with Ms. Selinger, a freelance writer and wine sales representative living in New York, and the Modern Love editor Daniel Jones. Ms. Farmiga stars, with Ethan Hawke, John Travolta and Karen Gillan, in “In a Valley of Violence. ” Follow Hannah Selinger on Twitter and Taissa Farmiga on Twitter and Instagram. Two California women have choreographed an   aerobics class. [“Resistance takes endurance,” says artist Liat Berdugo. “And aerobics is also something that builds your endurance. ”  Berdugo and her partner Margaret McCarthy were recently profiled in a video by Fusion. “We’re looking to, like, really, really physicalize this current moment in the political climate and to respond to it, to react to it, to embody it, to make fun of it,” explains Berdugo. Their routine includes moves to chants “F*ck   ” “Don’t buy Ivanka shoes!” and “I believe in science!” Each move involves a red tie as an aerobics prop. Other exercises include “Don’t build a wall” and “Trump is led by Bannon. ” Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn will invoke his Fifth Amendment protection against   on Monday, in a decision not to comply with a subpoena seeking documents, according to a report. [The decision, reported by the Associated Press, comes in response to a subpoena by the Senate Intelligence committee less than two weeks ago, as part of its investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 elections.  Legal experts have said Flynn was unlikely to turn over the personal documents without immunity because he would be waiving some of his constitutional protections by doing so, according to the AP. Flynn previously sought immunity from “unfair prosecution” to cooperate with the committee. His attorneys said in a letter sent to the committee that a daily “escalating frenzy against him,” and the appointment of a special prosecutor for the Justice Department’s investigation have created a legally dangerous environment for him. Writing at The Hill, Joe Uchill reports that Deep Root Analytics, a firm contracted by the Republican National Committee, potentially exposed the personal information of nearly 200 million voters by storing the data on an unsecured server:[A data analytics contractor employed by the Republican National Committee (RNC) left databases containing information on nearly 200 million potential voters exposed to the internet without security, allowing anyone who knew where to look to download it without a password. “We take full responsibility for this situation,” said the contractor, Deep Root Analytics, in a statement. The databases were part of 25 terabytes of files contained in an Amazon cloud account that could be browsed without logging in. The account was discovered by researcher Chris Vickery of the security firm UpGuard. The files have since been secured. Read the rest of the story at The Hill. Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” while discussing the Republicans the repeal and replacement of the Affordable Care Act, Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said there is a “separation between” Speaker of the House Paul Ryan’s ( ) and President Donald Trump.  Paul said, “I think there is a separation between the two. I have talked to the president, I think three times on Obamacare and I hear from him he is willing to negotiate. You know what I hear from Paul Ryan ‘it is a binary choice, young man.’ But what is a binary choice, his way or the highway?” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Thursday on KNBC 4’s “News at 11 pm,” Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) said President Donald Trump was “using the military to threaten, to basically almost start a war. ”  Water said, “Our Americas should be very concerned about what they see this president doing. He appears to be using the military to threaten, to basically almost start a war. We don’t know what’s going happen over on that peninsula. ” She added, “If he was thinking correctly about this he would want the support of congress but of corse, he doesn’t deserve to be president in the first place. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Sen. John McCain ( ) said President Donald Trump should release his tax returns.  Host Jake Tapper asked, “Given that President Trump is proposing changes that could benefit him personally by tens of millions if not hundreds of millions of dollars, do you think that the American people have a right to see his tax returns so that they can know how this plan would affect his bottom line?” McCain answered, “I think I’ve said all along I thought every candidate for president should disclose their tax returns. I haven’t changed. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN MSNBC’s Thomas Roberts cautioned Democrats Saturday, saying they are in a “fever dream” and letting themselves “get the cart before the horse” over the report that President Donald Trump’s former national security advisor retired Gen. Mike Flynn asked for immunity in exchange for his testimony in the investigation into Russian ties to the president.  “It is wild speculation,” Roberts warned of asking for immunity meaning certain guilt. “I think that there are many Democrats who are watching this who might be in a fever dream over what is taking place here because they are letting themselves kind of get the cart before the horse on this. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent PARIS (AP)  —   Facebook says it has targeted 30, 000 fake accounts linked to France ahead of the country’s presidential election, as part of a worldwide effort against misinformation. [advertisement   Donald Trump will be President of the United States in two days, but he has already started planning his   campaign. [In an interview with the Washington Post’s Karen Tumulty, Trump revealed the slogan for his 2020 campaign for  .  Halfway through his interview, Trump shared the news that he has already decided on his slogan for a 2020   bid. As reported by the Post: “Are you ready?” he said. “‘Keep America Great,’ exclamation point. ” “Get me my lawyer!” the   shouted. Two minutes later, one arrived. “Will you trademark and register, if you would, if you like it  —   I think I like it, right? Do this: ‘Keep America Great,’ with an exclamation point. With and without an exclamation. ‘Keep America Great,’” Trump said. “Got it,” the lawyer replied. Read the full article here. The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) released a new report that reveals that individual health insurance premiums doubled under Obamacare. [Health insurance premiums doubled since 2013, the year before many Obamacare regulations and mandates took effect. The Obama administration compiled the data for the report, which was produced by the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation (ASPE).  HHS spokesperson Alleigh Marré stated, “With data that shows average premiums doubling nationwide and Americans paying nearly $3, 000 more for health insurance per year, this report is a sobering reminder of why reforming our healthcare system remains a top priority of the Trump Administration. The status quo is unsustainable. ” According to the report: See the rest of the HHS’s report here: Dan Weber, founder of the Association of Mature American Citizens (AMAC) talked with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday regarding his impressions of the current GOP Obamacare replacement bill. [Said Weber, “What I like about the bill is the positive step in lowering the cost of health care. ”  Weber also said he believes the bill will “bring the free market back into play with health care. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” New York Magazine    Andrew Sullivan argued, “Liberals have to be careful not to sound so f*cking condescending and smug, as if they know it, and start actually engaging the other side and persuading people. ”  Sullivan said there was a “giant cloud of smug” above MSNBC anchor Rachel Maddow during her Trump tax story. liberals have to be careful to not so fucking condescending and smudges if they know it and start engaging the other side and persuading people. He continued, “Liberals have to be careful not to sound so f*cking condescending and smug, as if they know it, and start actually engaging the other side and persuading people. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett EAGLE PASS, Texas  —   The former city manager of this border town is facing a prison sentence of up to   after pleading guilty to lying to authorities during a corruption investigation. [This week, former Eagle Pass City Manager Hector Chavez Sr went before U. S. District Judge Alia Moses where he pleaded guilty to one count of making a false statement to a federal agent, information provided to Breitbart Texas by the U. S. Attorney’s office revealed.   Ildefonso Ortiz is an   journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and Facebook. Ynetnews reports: Israeli scientists from the   company Nucleix succeeded in developing a first of its kind blood test to diagnose lung cancer. [The new test is able to diagnose the disease long before it spreads in the body, thus increasing the chance of survival, as many patients usually die within a few months of the diagnosis.  Each year, approximately 1. 8 million new lung cancer patients are diagnosed, a 1. 59 million of whom will die within the first year  . Most cases are discovered by chance, after a screening test, or due to abnormal symptoms such as prolonged cough, bloody cough, breathing difficulties or weight loss. Read more here. President Donald Trump reacted to the massive rioting at   in response to a scheduled campus speech by Breitbart News editor Milo Yiannopoulos. [“If U. C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view  —   NO FEDERAL FUNDS?” Trump wrote on Twitter early Thursday morning.  News of the rioting made cable news last night as students smashed ATMs and bank windows, looted a Starbucks, beat Trump supporters, pepper sprayed innocent individuals, and set fires in the street. Others spray painted the words “Kill Trump” on storefronts. The speech was canceled by   police as security failed. Yiannopoulos was evacuated from the area. “The left is profoundly antithetical to free speech these days, does not want to hear alternative points of view, and will do anything to shut it down,” Yiannopoulos told Fox News host Tucker Carlson in an interview on Wednesday night. “My point is being proven over and over and over again. ”     Actress Mandy Moore stares down a horde of hungry sharks in the    horror flick 47 Meters Down. [Written and directed by Johannes Roberts, 47 Meters Down follows two sisters who find themselves trapped on the ocean floor surrounded by Great White sharks after a day of   goes horribly wrong. With less than an hour of oxygen left, danger mounts with every breath.  It’s the second summertime shark thriller in as many years, following Blake Lively’s The Shallows which grossed a cool $55 million on a $17 million budget for Columbia Pictures in 2016. Produced by Dimension Films, 47 Meters Down also stars Claire Holt and Matthew Modine and swims into theaters June 16.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  —   Apple penalized CEO Tim Cook for the iPhone maker’s first sales slump in 15 years with a 15 percent pay cut. [advertisement On Thursday, MSNBC host Katy Tur seemed to confuse when the next presidential election will be held when she asked, “Is there any chance that Donald Trump will face a primary challenger in 2018 from the Republican side?”  Fellow host Chris Matthews answered, “Well probably, because he’s controversial, and there are people like George Will and his column today in the Washington Post, there’s a lot of true blue conservatives out there, and I mean that, true blue conservatives who don’t like him. And there are people in the party that see it as an opportunity to make hay. He’s going to have a tough   and a tough   fight. Who knows what’ll happen. ” Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN Reuters reports: A Revolutionary Guards commander said on Saturday that Iran would use its missiles against enemies of the Islamic Republic if they threaten the country’s security. [“We are working day and night to protect Iran’s security. If we see smallest misstep from the enemies, our roaring missiles will fall on their heads,” head of Revolutionary Guards’ aerospace unit, Brigadier General Amir Ali Hajizadeh was quoted as saying by Tasnim news agency.  Earlier Iran said it was carrying out a military exercise to test its missile and radar systems, a day after US President Donald Trump’s administration imposed sanctions on Tehran for a recent ballistic missile test. Read the full story here.   Friday on MSNBC, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) said “lots” of Democrats could beat President Donald Trump in the 2020 presidential election.  Partial transcript as follows: HUNT: I would like one short answer to this question. Who in the Democratic Party can beat President Trump in 2020? SCHUMER: Lots of people. HUNT: Lots of people. One name? SCHUMER: I’m not going to pick a name. If he continues at the rate —   HUNT: Who is the leader of the Democratic party, you? SCHUMER: We have a bunch of leaders. I’m the leader of the Senate and try to represent the Democratic Party, but we have a bunch of good voices. It’s much too premature to handicap  . But I’ll tell you this if the president continues this way, there is even a chance we could take back the Senate. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Fox News Channel host Jeanine Pirro praised President Donald Trump for the Syria strike Saturday in her opening statement on Fox News Channel’s “Justice. ”  Pirro said Trump’s “swift, certain and decisive leadership” is something that has been missing for a long time in the United States. “When President Donald Trump ordered a targeted strike on that military base in Syria, he demonstrated swift, certain and decisive leadership absent for so long in America,” Judge Jeanine began. She continued, “His clarity, determination and compassion for the most weak among us without the accustomed indifference, whimpering, dithering, vacillating moral equivalency of the other guy reflects not only his courage, strength and honor, but finally the resurgence and the reawakening of America the great. This is what we voted for. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent “The gun continued to fire” . @RepMoBrooks gives first person account of shooting at baseball field in Alexandria https:  .  On Wednesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “New Day,” Representative Mo Brooks ( ) described the scene at the Congressional baseball practice where House Majority Whip Representative Steve Scalise ( ) was shot.  Brooks stated that the shooter was using a rifle, while members of the Congressional security details were firing handguns back at the shooter, and that there “must have been   shots fired. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett On the Tuesday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart    Alex Marlow will continue our discussion of the Trump administration’s agenda. [Gary Miliefsky, the CEO of SnoopWall, Inc. will discuss the recent global ransomware cyberattacks.  Breitbart’s Joel Pollak and Matt Boyle will discuss the latest deep state leak plaguing President Trump. Breitbart Legal Editor Ken Klukowski will discuss the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals hearing arguments on Trump’s revised travel ban. Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   . Sunday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” while discussing President Donald Trump’s tweets accusing the former Obama administration of wiretapping Trump Tower before the election, conservative radio talk show host Mark Levin broke down the wiretapping reporting.  Levin said, “Well, a pleasure to be here. The evidence is overwhelming. This is not about President Trump’s tweeting. This is about the Obama administration spying, and the question is not whether it spied. We know they went to the FISA court twice. The question is who they did spy on and the extent of the spying that is the Trump campaign, the Trump transition, Trump surrogates. ” Levin then read several news articles about the surveillance. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” Jane Fonda stated she won’t call President Donald Trump “by his name. I call him the   . ”  Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett President Donald Trump signaled his support for   activists attending the March for Life on Friday. [“The #MarchForLife is so important,” he wrote on Twitter. “To all of you marching  —   you have my full support!”  The President confirmed that Vice President Mike Pence will speak at the   event. According to organizers, Pence is speaking around noon. Trump set big expectations for the March for Life during an interview with ABC’s David Muir when asked to compare possible crowd size to that of last week’s Women’s March on Washington: “You will have a large crowd on Friday, too, which is mostly   people, too, and I didn’t realize this, but I was told. You will have a very large crowd of people —  as large or larger, Trump said. Some people said it will be larger —    people, and they say the press doesn’t cover them. President Donald Trump signed three executive actions this morning, killing the   partnership, instituting a federal hiring freeze, and restoring the Mexico City policy, which bans federal funds from being used to fund abortions.  “We’ve been talking about this for a long time   …     a great thing for the American worker,” Trump said after signing the order killing former President Obama’s signature trade effort. Trump senior advisors stood and watched Trump sign the executive orders as senior advisor Reince Priebus announced each order as it was signed. Trump specified that the hiring freeze for federal workers would not apply to the military. Big Government, Donald Trump, executive orders LONDON (AP)  —   British police have arrested three women as part of a continuing counterterrorism investigation that included a raid last week. [Police said that three women were arrested Monday morning on suspicion of planning attacks. Two are 18 and one is 19. They are being questioned at a police station outside London.  Police say the arrests are part of an ongoing   operation related to a series of arrests that began Thursday when police stormed a house in northwest London. One woman who was shot during that raid was arrested after she was discharged from a hospital. So far, a total of 10 people have been arrested as part of the investigation. None have yet been charged or identified. White House press secretary Sean Spicer was surprised by the legendary Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski during the White House Press briefing on Wednesday. [As Spicer answered questions from the press, Gronkowski opened up the door and looked into the briefing room.  “Sean, need some help?” he asked. Gronk surprises @seanspicer in the briefing room, asks him if he needs help pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) April 19, 2017,  “I think I got this, but thank you,” Spicer replied. “Maybe. ” After Gronkowski left, Spicer shrugged his shoulders and said, “All right, that was cool. ” Spicer is a big fan of the New England Patriots as the team is visiting the White House today to be recognized by President Donald Trump for their Super Bowl victory. Wednesday on ABC’s ‘The View,” MSNBC host Rachel Maddow said President Donald Trump “totally” could have leaked his own 2005 taxes, which she featured on her show last week.  Maddow said, “It totally could’ve come from Trump, which is like such a bizarre human drama at the center of this. As far as I’m concerned, the only thing that matters is, is that document real? That’s the story. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN BERLIN (AP)  —   German authorities are taking action against 36 people suspected of posting hate speech online, most of them accused of   incitement. [The Federal Criminal Police Office said police across the country searched homes of suspects, questioned them and took unspecified “further measures” early Tuesday. There was no word of any arrests.  The   “day of action against hate postings” followed a similar exercise last year. The police office said most of the postings targeted Tuesday had a   motivation, but authorities also targeted a suspected   extremist, two   suspects and one case where the victim’s sexual orientation was attacked. In April, the Cabinet approved a bill to punish social networking sites if they fail to swiftly remove illegal content such as hate speech. Parliament has yet to approve it. Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “Tucker Carlson Tonight,” The Intercept’s Glenn Greenwald excoriated the Democratic Party for what he suggested was not learning from the lessons of the party’s 2016 presidential election loss.  Greenwald pointed out the losses Democrats have suffered in prior elections, particular at the state level and said that the party wasn’t learning from its mistakes, but doubling down on what it had done before. He noted that the GOP have   of the governorships and are just one state house away from having the ability to convene a constitutional convention. “It is a party that has collapsed as a national political force in the United States,” Greenwald said. “It’s not just the national presidential election. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Syrian refugee Anas Modamani filed a lawsuit against Facebook after his selfie with German Chancellor Angela Merkel was used in allegedly “defamatory” posts on the platform. [“Mr. Modamani has filed for an injunction in a court in Würzburg, in the southern German state of Bavaria, that would require Facebook to remove any content linking him to terrorism,” reported the New York Times on Monday. “His lawyer,   Jun, says that although his client deleted the photograph and requested that it be taken down in some postings, it still appears on other people’s social media pages and in fake news reports accusing him of having links to terrorism. ”  “I took the selfie because my hobby is taking photos,” said Modamani to The Independent in January. “It was for me, not for other people. ” “I came to Germany because I wanted to live in peace, away from danger,” he continued. “I don’t want anyone to continue using my photo on Facebook. I want to live in peace without any problems. ” .@nikkihaley: ”The president is the CEO of the country. He can hire and fire whomever he wants.” https:  .  pic. twitter.  Sunday on ABC News’s “This Week,” U. S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley reacted to President Donald Trump firing FBI Director James Comey and pointed out that as president, Trump can fire whomever he wants.  “The president is the CEO of the country,” she explained. “He can hire and fire whomever he wants. That is his right. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Chris McDaniel, Mississippi State Senator, said to be considering a US Senate run in Mississippi in 2018, joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Friday on the GOP’s Obamacare replacement bill. [Said McDaniel, “As we stand here today we know this plan is not a repeal even though for the past several years, that’s precisely what we’ve been promised. ”  “We have this historical moment,” he added, “with all this momentum and here we are again, the Republican surrender caucus taking it upon themselves to quit right when the battle is about to get started. ” When asked why that seems to be the case, McDaniel responded, “Because it’s the nature of who they are as politicians, unfortunately. we’ve seen this time and time again. They campaign as limited government conservatives, they govern like big government Republicans. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  On Tuesday’s “Mike and Mike” on ESPN Radio,   Mike Golic reacted to a group of Boston Red Sox fans berating Baltimore Orioles center fielder Adam Jones with racial slurs Monday night.  Golic said the fans, who were removed from the stadium, should be publicly outed along with their quotes for everybody to see. “What kind of idiot are you to do something like that?” Golic scolded. “The way I look at it, you’re yelling that out publicly to somebody, I wish you would be publicly outed. I wish your face would be somewhere and with the quote of what you said right under your face publicly for everybody to see since you feel the need to yell something about someone. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Thursday at the White House press briefing, press secretary Sean Spicer rebuked New York Times reporter Glenn Thrush for yelling out a question.  When Thrush tried to shout out a question Spicer said, “Glenn, this isn’t a TV program   …     OK? You don’t get to just yell out questions. We’re going to raise our hands like big boys and girls. Because it’s not your job to just yell out questions. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Tuesday Sen. John McCain ( ) said President Donald Trump’s budget was dead on arrival.  In a statement, McCain said, “President Trump’s $603 billion defense budget request is inadequate to the challenges we face, illegal under current law, and part of an overall budget proposal that is dead on arrival in Congress. ” McCain was asked by MSNBC’s Kasie Hunt, “Can I ask you about president’s budget? Is it dead on arrival?” He replied, “Yes. and the commitment to rebuilding the military cannot be fulfilled with this level of spending. It is $30 billion too short. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” Sen. John McCain ( ) said President Donald Trump does not have “an overall strategy” on foreign policy.  McCain said, “I support what he did and I support the bunker buster bomb, but we’ve got to develop a strategy. There is still not an overall strategy that he can come to congress and his advisors and say, ‘ok here is how we are going to handle Syria. Here is how we are going to handle the   Iraq. We have got to have a strategy and I’ll give them some more time but so far that strategy is not apparent. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Monday at the annual White House Easter Egg Roll, President Donald Trump warned North Korea’s leader Kim   to “behave. ”  When CNN’s Jim Acosta asked the president if he had any message for North Korea and Kim   Trump said, “Gotta behave. ” When Acosta asked if the situation in North Korea can be resolved peacefully Trump said, “Probably it can. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN During her Saturday opening statement on Fox News Channel’s “Justice,” host Jeanine Pirro warned that if President Donald Trump does not find the “traitor” who is leaking information from the White House, then the country may be in “big trouble. ”  “[T]he president in coming home still has one huge problem and it’s not Russia, it’s not the Democrats, it’s not any of its haters,” Pirro said. “And if he doesn’t fix this problem, we are in big trouble. What is it? The leaks. Yes, leaks. There is a leaker in the White House. There is a traitor inside the people’s house  —   a traitor who must be taken out. That person is an enemy of the United States. That person [is] doing enormous damage not just for the president, who is certainly capable of taking care of himself, but instead to our nation. ” “This leaker needs to be found immediately, no holds barred,” she added. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent An American Airlines flight from Miami to Chicago was diverted to Jacksonville after takeoff Monday because of a soda spill. [American Airlines spokesman Matt Miller told the Florida   that the soda splashed on an unspecified electronic device in the main cabin.  Airline passenger Preston Wake, 43, said he was drenched after a flight attendant spilled a soda. “I can’t really tell you how far it went, but I was soaked,” Wake told the paper. “I had to change my clothes and everything. ” Wake praised the airport staff for their hospitality despite the inconvenience the incident caused. “They’ve been taking care of everybody and I’m very pleased with that,” Wake said. About 150 were aboard the Boeing 737 that landed at Jacksonville International Airport at 4:45 p. m. the Orlando Sentinel reported. The incident left passengers stranded at the airport until about 10 p. m. Most of the estimated 230 protesters who were arrested on Inauguration Day will face felony rioting charges, according to federal prosecutors. [Most of those arrested will be released without having to post bail on the condition that they return to court in February, CBS News reports.  If charged, the protesters could face a sentence of up to 10 years in federal prison and a fine of up to $250, 000, according to the U. S. Attorney’s Office. Interim D. C. police chief Peter Newsham said Friday that 217 people were being charged with rioting. The arrests took place in a   stretch around downtown Washington while President Trump was being sworn in. Protesters burned waste canisters, threw the embers at police, and broke windows of businesses downtown. Police used pepper spray and “sting balls” against the crowd. Six police officers suffered minor injuries due to the protests, with three of the officers hit in the head with flying objects, WUSA reports. On Friday’s broadcast of CNN’s “The Messy Truth with Van Jones,” host Van Jones argued that “sometimes liberals are too  ” about standing up to Islamic fundamentalism.  Jones said to his guest, HBO’s “Real Time” host Bill Maher, “[Y]ou and I actually agree a lot on the need to be tough on these fundamentalists. And I think that sometimes liberals are too   about standing up. And at the same time, I think even somebody who is very concerned about the bad part of Islam has to be excited about the good part of Islam. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett   Donald Trump denounced some of the unsubstantiated rumors published by left wing blogs about Trump receiving “golden showers” from prostitutes while he was in Russia. [“Does anyone really believe that story?” Trump asked incredulously during his press conference at Trump Tower, after he was asked about his behavior in Russia.  “I’m also very much of a germaphobe, by the way, believe me,” he added. Trump asserted that as a high profile person, he was “extremely careful” about his activity in hotel rooms and was extremely suspicious about hidden cameras. “I’m surrounded by people and I always tell them anywhere, but I always tell them, if I’m leaving this country, be very careful, because in your hotel rooms and no matter where you go, you’re going to probably have cameras,” he said. Caitlyn Jenner fired a verbal shot at liberals this weekend, while calling into question their ability to fire actual shots. [Jenner spoke at the College Republican National Committee recently, during which time the speech turned to the shooting at the Republican congressional baseball game.  While referencing the shooter, a man who had supported Bernie Sanders, Jenner said, “Fortunately, the guy was a really bad shot —  liberals can’t even shoot straight. ” The video can be seen on the College Republican Federation of Virginia Facebook page. Jenner, speaking out for the victims of the shooting, also said, “First of all, nobody deserves what happened out there. There’s no justification. There are crazy people in the world. We have to minimize that type of stuff. ” Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter:@themightygwinn On Tuesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Hardball with Chris Matthews,” host Chris Matthews argued that people in the White House would be frightened of disagreeing with Jared Kushner and made another comparison between Kushner and Saddam Hussein’s sons Uday and Qusay.  Matthews said, “[W]ho wants to take on Jared Kushner in a meeting on the Middle East, have that conversation? Scared to death. everybody  —   oh my God, is like ‘Oh I —  ‘ they don’t want to say nothing. A little bit like Uday and Qusay. Not that bad.   …     I shouldn’t be that tough, but I am. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett A police dog took a bullet for an officer during a shootout that involved a wanted suspect and several South Florida deputies, police said. [The suspect,    Philip O’Shea, died Friday evening after a shootout that took place Friday morning. He was wanted for robbing a suburban bar in West Palm Beach, the Palm Beach Post reported.  O’Shea had a warrant out for his arrest in Raleigh, North Carolina, stemming from a motel robbery that took place May 2, according to Palm Beach County Sheriff Ric Bradshaw. He added that O’Shea had multiple warrants for his arrest in North Carolina before he came to Florida. Deputies spotted the suspect and chased him until he crashed his car, WPEC reported. The suspect allegedly then engaged deputies in a shootout until he was shot and killed. Bradshaw said a police dog, PBSO   Officer Kasper, took a bullet in the shootout that was meant for another officer. Kasper had surgery Friday night but is expected to recover. Sunday on CNN’s “Stare of the Union. ” during his interview with U. N. Ambassador Nikki Haley, host Jake Tapper called President Donald Trump’s past tweets on climate change “a big box of crazy. ”  Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN  First at bat in Charleston, Tim Tebow singles, gets a fist pound from Riverdogs 1b. Riverdogs use crying football scoreboard background. pic. twitter.  The Charleston RiverDogs had some fun this weekend at Tim Tebow’s expense while his Columbia Fireflies were in town.  As Fireflies players came up to bat Saturday, the graphic on the scoreboard for players besides Tebow showed a picture of the player with Tebow crying in the background and read “Not Tim Tebow. ” We’re not sure who IS batting, but we’re relatively sure it’s not @TimTebow. @MiLBPromos pic. twitter.   —   Charleston RiverDogs (@ChasRiverDogs) June 16, 2017,  When Tebow came up, there was the team photo of Tebow with him crying in the background, and it read “Tim Tebow. ” (  The Comeback) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent BERLIN (AP)  —   A    man has been convicted of 15 counts of attempted murder and attempted arson in eastern Germany for a   attack on an asylum seekers’ home. [The Zwickau state court said the man, whose name wasn’t released in line with local privacy laws, was part of the   scene and threw two of the homemade bombs at the home in May 2016.  Tthe dpa news agency reported that he was sentenced Tuesday to four years and three months in prison. It was not immediately clear whether he’d appeal. FOX NEWS reports: A U. S. Navy destroyer had another close encounter with an Iranian Revolutionary Guard “fast attack craft” in the Persian Gulf Monday. Two U. S. officials tell Fox News that the Iranian ship came within 1, 000 yards of the guided missile destroyer USS Mahan with its weapons manned. [The officials said the Mahan altered course to avoid the Iranian warship, sounded the danger signal, fired flares and manned its own weapons. The Iranian ship did not come closer than 1, 000 yards and no warning shots were fired.  “Coming inbound at a high rate of speed like that and manning weapons, despite clear warnings from the ship, is obviously provocative behavior,” said one American official in describing the Iranian actions. Read more here. In a Sunday interview on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” Secretary of Defense James Mattis cautioned that a war with North Korea would be “catastrophic” and “the worst kind of fighting in most people’s lifetimes. ”  “The North Korean regime has hundreds of artillery cannons and rocket launchers within range of one of the most densely populated cities on Earth, which is the capital of South Korea,” Mattis told CBS’s John Dickerson. He later warned, “This regime is a threat to the region, to Japan, to South Korea, and in the event of war, they would bring danger to China and to Russia as well. But the bottom line is it would be a catastrophic war if this turns into a combat if we’re not able to resolve this situation through diplomatic means. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Politico reports on internal clashes within the Trump administration between Trump    Jared Kushner and chief strategist Steve Bannon. [From Politico:  In recent weeks, Jared Kushner, Trump’s    and senior adviser, has asked searching questions  —   sometimes for hours  —   of inside and outside advisers about the White House’s performance and complained about Bannon in particular, according to people who have spoken with Kushner. Kushner, a onetime New York Democrat, and Bannon, a   nationalist, have clashed as Kushner has told people that Bannon’s desire to deconstruct the government, is hurting the president. One person familiar with Kushner’s thinking says Kushner believes Bannon is more of a problem than Reince Priebus, the chief of staff. “Big fight is between nationalists and the ‘West Wing Democrats,” one senior administration official said. Read the rest here.  Platinum Games is bringing Nier: Automata, the sequel to   action RPG Nier, to the Playstation 4 on March 7 as players fight extraterrestrial machines as android protectors of humanity. Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” while discussing President Donald Trump’s tweets accusing the former Obama administration of wiretapping Trump Tower before the election, White House deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders questioned President Barack Obama’s denial via a spokesperson.  “Well, I think, they don’t have the best track record,” she said. “They said they had a cardinal rule, well frankly that’s just not true. The president himself got directly involved when it came to the email scandal with Hillary Clinton. ” Huckabee Sanders added, “All we’re saying is let’s take a closer look. Let’s look into this. If this happened, if this is accurate, this is the biggest overreach and the biggest scandal. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN MADRID (AP)  —   Basque separatist group ETA says it has not abandoned its goal of an independent Basque state along the   border despite giving up its arms. [In a communique Sunday in the Basque newspaper Gara, ETA said disarmament “wasn’t going to be a bargaining chip, but rather a way to show the intransigence of the (Spanish and French) states and to further the independence movement. ”  Two weeks ago ETA gave French authorities a list of eight caches where police found weapons, ammunition and explosives in a historic step toward disarmament. Inactive for over five years, the ETA killed 829 people, mostly in Spain, in a   campaign for independence. Spain and France have both demanded it disband. ETA made no mention of dissolving in Sunday’s communique, its first since handing over its weapons. WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   A block in Washington, D. C. was temporarily shut down by law enforcement and a bomb squad dispatched after an apparent backpack was found on a busy street corner. The ordeal lasted over an hour as a man in a bomb suit and another in a vest and helmet took measures to inspect the potential threat. The street was eventually reopened and the item in concern was apparently deemed safe. Sunday on Fox News Channel’s “MediaBuzz,”  counselor for President for Donald Trump Kellyanne Conway blasted the “haters,” who use sexism to unfairly criticize her.  “Sometimes I’m up on FaceTime until midnight helping with slide presentations or reviewing the spelling list,” she said. “And that’s the answer as to why I look haggard too, you haters. I’m helping with   math and I’m proud of it. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Monday night in front of the Supreme Court at a Democratic leadership news conference about President Donald Trump’s immigration executive order, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) was heard on a hot mic encouraging Rep. Andre Carson ( ) to tell the crowd he is a Muslim.  Partial transcript as follows: CARSON: Greetings from the great state of Indiana. I’m Congressman Andre Carson. PELOSI (OFF MIC): Tell them you’re a Muslim. Tell them you’re a Muslim. CARSON: Not only do I represent Indiana’s seventh congressional district very proudly, but I happen to be a Muslim and a former police officer. (  Free Beacon) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN In an interview on Salt Lake City’s KSL’s “The Doug Wright Show,” Sen. Mike Lee ( ) said if given the opportunity to be nominated by the president to the Supreme Court, he would not turn it down.  Host Doug Wright laid out a scenario that the president would make such an appeal to Lee that he was sorely needed by the country to serve on the high court. “If he asked me that question I would not say no,” he said. “Now, I want to qualify that by first of all by pointing out that I’m grateful to have just been reelected to the U. S. Senate. This is the job I wanted. This is the job I sought twice now and the job I was elected to now twice. And I’m grateful to have been reelected with the support of 70 percent of voters in Utah. ” “That said, if the president approached me in the manner you just described, I wouldn’t tell him no and I’m honored to be on that list. ” (  The Hill) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Former Hillary Clinton campaign chief John Podesta broke his silence on Twitter to fuel conspiracy theories about Donald Trump and Russia. [“If your head is spinning on the   connection, watch this short video to connect the dots,” he wrote, sharing a YouTube video (see above) on Twitter .  Podesta and the Center For American Progress get into the conspiracy theory business pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) May 12, 2017,  The over seven minute video features an ominous narrator weaving a massive web of theories connecting Trump to the Russians, even before the presidential election, suggesting that he is a political puppet for Russian president Vladimir Putin. The video is produced by “The Moscow Project,” a initiative funded by Podesta’s liberal Center for American Progress. Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” House Intelligence Committee ranking Democrat Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) said it is “way premature” to conclude that members of President Donald Trump’s campaign colluded with Russia during the 2016 presidential election.  “I don’t think we can say anything definitively at this point,” Schiff said. “We are still at the very early stages of the investigation. The only thing I can say is that it would be irresponsible for us not to get to the bottom of this. We really need to find out exactly what the Russians did. Because one of the most important conclusions that the intelligence community reached is that they are going to do this again to the United States. They are doing it already in Europe. So we can say conclusively this is something that needs to be thoroughly investigated but it’s way premature to be reaching conclusions. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Friday at the   Colinas Chamber of Commerce in Irving, TX, Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said some President Donald Trump political problems were “ . ”  Cruz said, “What I’m trying to do is just ignore the circus. ” He continued, “There are a great many people in Washington that want the Trump presidency to fail,” he added, “Unfortunately, some of the damage is  . I wish that was not the case. ” (  Right Scoop)  Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN TEHRAN, Iran (AP)  —   Iranian authorities are blaming neighboring Iraq for a sandstorm that knocked out power in a southern province and sparked protests against local officials. [Iranian state TV said Monday that Masoumeh Ebtekar, a vice president in charge of environmental affairs, has called on Iraq to implement an agreement to prevent dust storms by spreading mulch over 3, 500 sq. miles (9, 000 sq. kilometers) of desert.  Last week hundreds of people protested in the southern city of Ahvaz, demanding the resignation of Ebtekar and the provincial governor over power and water cuts resulting from the storm. Authorities have since banned protests over the issue. The sandstorm is still underway, but power and water have been restored. President Donald Trump’s recent defense of Israel at the United Nations is almost unprecedented, and warrants the appreciation and gratitude of the American Jewish and   community. [advertisement .@SpeakerRyan: President Trump will have the funding to build the wall, and he already has the authorization to do it pic. twitter.  Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” House Speaker Paul Ryan explained that President Donald Trump already has the authorization to build a wall on the U. S.  border. But he added Congress also be giving him the funding to build the wall as well.  “We have already authorized this, meaning the law was passed almost 10 years ago,” Ryan said. “And then we will give the financing to Secretary Kelly and the border security plan. So, it’s really up to them as to how fast they can execute this policy. I think that’s great. He’s the kind of guy that can get this sort of thing done. He will have the funding to do it and he already has the authorization to do it. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor During Friday’s “Real Time” on HBO, host Bill Maher went on a   rant about how he is cheering for the Atlanta Falcons Sunday in Super Bowl LI all because President Donald Trump is close with New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, head coach Bill Belichick and owner Robert Kraft.  “The Falcons are playing a team where the owner, the coach, and the star quarterback all love and support Donald Trump, so I’d really like for them to lose by a score of a million f***ing thousand to none,” Maher said to applause. Later, Maher told both Brady and Belichick, “F*** you!” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Sen. Cory Booker ( ) commented on Hillary Clinton saying in her commencement speech at Wellesley College that President Donald Trump’s presidency would end in impeachment for obstruction of justice.  Booker praised Clinton’s speech, but said he is not pushing for Trump’s impeachment just yet. “I just wanted to tell you, I’m not going to rush to impeachment,” Booker stated. “I think we need to deal with this in a very sobered way. This can’t be a relitigation of an election that is now past. This has to be about an objective assessment about the facts that are going on right now. ” (  Mediaite) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent “Saturday Night Live” ended its first   show with Cecily Strong, later joined by Sasheer Zamata, singing Lulu’s “To Sir, With Love” as tribute to the former president.  At the end, the two offered up a mug to Obama that says, “World’s Best President. ” Zamata then pled, “Don’t go!” right before “Thank You President Obama” appeared on the screen. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Hundreds of people turned up today to join Breitbart Senior editor MILO in a march across UC Davis after their event on campus was cancelled last night due to violent protests.[  As hundreds of MILO and Martin Shkreli fans turned up to greet the dynamic duo as they marched on the UC Davis campus to protest the   speech activists who shut down last night’s event, the same fascist protesters arrived in an attempt to cause trouble.   Despite the protesters best efforts, MILO was still surrounded by hundreds of fans (and more than a few members of the press) who roared their approval.       Watch a livestream of the event below.  MANCHESTER, England (AP)  —   British police say they have resumed sharing intelligence about the Manchester bombing with U. S. counterparts. [Britain had halted the exchange of information after details of the Manchester investigation  —   including forensic   photos  —   appeared in U. S. media. The disclosure infuriated British officials, and Prime Minister Theresa May brought up the leaks with President Donald Trump at the NATO summit Thursday.  Mark Rowley is Britain’s top counterterrorism officer and announced the resumption of   late Thursday. Rowley says that “having received fresh assurances, we are now working closely with our key partners around the world including all those in the Five Eyes intelligence alliance. ” The Five Eyes is an   group that includes the U. S. Britain, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “The First 100 Days,” in reacting to the 9th Circuit Court ruling upholding the blocking of President Donald Trump‘s executive order banning immigrants from seven   countries from entering the United States, White House aide Kellyanne Conway said the administration was “fully confident” it will eventually prevail in court.  Conway said, “This ruling does not affect the merits at all. It is an interim ruling, and we are fully confident that now that we will get our day in court and have an opportunity to argue this on the merits that we will prevail. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN During an interview with NBC’s Chuck Todd for “Meet the Press” on Friday, Representative John Lewis ( ) stated, “I don’t see the   as a legitimate president.   …     I think there was a conspiracy on the part of the Russians, and others, that helped him get elected. ”  When asked if he planned to build a relationship with   Donald Trump, Lewis answered that he believes in forgiveness and trying to work with people, but that “it’s going to be very difficult. I don’t see the   as a legitimate president. ” He added, “I think the Russians participated in having this man get elected, and they helped destroy the candidacy of Hillary Clinton. I don’t plan to attend the Inauguration.   …     I think there was a conspiracy on the part of the Russians, and others, that helped him get elected. That’s not right. That’s not fair. That’s not the open, democratic process. ” (  Caitlin  ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Experience the battlefield in 360° with this interactive trailer for Ubisoft’s upcoming Vikings vs. Knights vs. Samurai brawler, For Honor. YouTube disabled Breitbart News Senior Editor MILO’s livestreaming ability on Friday, just hours before his speech on immigration at the University of New Mexico. [MILO’s ability to host livestreams was withdrawn from YouTube after his video “MILO At UC  —   Colorado Springs: Democrats Are The ‘Party Of The Cuckold,’” was flagged and subsequently removed.  Though MILO has appealed the channel restrictions, YouTube has yet to remove the livestream ban. Consequently, MILO’s speech at the University of New Mexico tonight will not be livestreamed. The speech will be posted in its entirely to MILO’s YouTube channel after the event as usual, but fans will not be able to watch it live. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook. Monday on Bloomberg TV, Democratic National Committee Chairman Tom Perez predicted because of what he called a GOP overreach, the Democratic Party would retake both chambers of Congress in 2018.  Perez said, “What Republicans have to do is understand is that we need a budget that reflects our values. When you try to cut Meals on Wheels, when you cut investments in education, when you propose to cut the budget of the National Institute of Health by billion dollars, you are cutting that lifeline of research investment that saves lives. Right now what we are seeing plain and simply is that the Republicans are overreaching. That is why we are going to win seats like the congressional seat in District 6 down in Georgia. That is why we are competitive and on the verge of upsets elsewhere. And that is why I think we cannot only take over the House in 2018, but we can take the senate back as well. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Per a WTHI report, Kellogg’s Snacks Plant in Seelyville, IN is participating in the #DumpKelloggs boycott, and is set to close by September of this year.  Company officials announced in August of 2016 that the plant will cease work, leaving 150 people out of a job. The plant will close out in phases beginning in the first quarter of 2017, and officials expect it to be completely closed by September. Kellogg’s will look to sell the building once operations have been completely shut down. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo FRANKFURT, Germany (AP)  —   Germany’s finance minister is denouncing trade protectionism ahead of a meeting with U. S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and a summit where global finance officials are expected to tussle over how strongly to support free trade. [advertisement Police are looking for the passengers of an SUV involved in a   shooting in Kansas City, MO last week, says a Daily Mail report.  In the video, a black SUV pulls up next to a black sedan at a traffic light and opens fire in broad daylight. Per KSHB, the black sedan was hit, but the mother and with her two sons, five and nine, were unharmed. “[One son] told me “Mommy we’re going to die! Mommy move!’ and I couldn’t move because we had a car ahead of us,” the unidentified mother recalled to KSHB. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo TEL AVIV, Israel (AP)  —   A report released by Israeli researchers says violent attacks on Jews dropped for a second straight year in 2016, while other forms of   are on the rise worldwide, particularly on U. S. campuses. [Researchers at Tel Aviv University said Sunday that assaults specifically targeting Jews, vandalism and other violent incidents fell 12 percent last year. They recorded 361 cases compared to 410 in 2015, which had already been the lowest number in a decade. The report attributed much of the drop to increased security measures in European countries.  The numbers on violence were not mirrored by a decrease in cases of general  . On U. S. university campuses, there was a 45 percent increase in   incidents, mostly insults and harassment of Jewish students, the report says. .@SenatorCollins says Senate ”starting from scratch” on health care bill: ”We will come up with a whole new, fresh approach.” #ThisWeek pic. twitter.  Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” Sen. Susan Collins ( ) said the Senate is going to start over with health care.  Collins said, “The House bill is not going to come before us. The Senate is starting from scratch. We’re going to draft our own bill and I’m convinced that we’re going to take the time to do it right. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN During an interview on CNN on Tuesday, Senator Mike Lee ( ) praised Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch as “the kind of judge we want sitting on the US Supreme Court,” and “an outstanding judge, and extraordinary. There’s no one better. ”  Lee said, “This is an outstanding nominee. I’ve argued in front of this judge, when he was sitting on the 10th Circuit, where he now sits. He’s an outstanding judge, and extraordinary. There’s no one better. He’s the kind of judge every lawyer wants to argue in front of, because he’s the kind of judge who reads every opinion, every brief, every citation. And he seeks to decide each case on the basis of the law and facts in front of him. This is the kind of judge we want sitting on the US Supreme Court, someone who reads the law in an effort to decide what it says, rather than what he wishes it said. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” White House chief of staff Reince Priebus declared congressional Democrats had a “colossal failure” in the spending bill.  In referring to the Democrats losing the   requirement that defense spending match   programs, Priebus said, “That’s one of the biggest colossal failures of the Democratic party that no one is talking about. ” He added, “They lost on military spending. We got one of the biggest increases in military spending in the history of these increases,” he said. “Number two, for the first time in six years our military is going to get a raise. We got a billion and a half dollars we can do work on on the border, including 20 foot border walls that are going to up where fencing existing today. We are going to be able to buy the property we need to continue the wall moving forward” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Friday, MLB Commissioner Rob Manfred said on ESPN’s “Outside the Lines” that the league is looking into the controversial Cleveland Indians Chief Wahoo logo, adding they will be “responsive” to concerns.  Host Ryan Smith asked Manfred if the MLB would consider moving its   game if the Indians chose not to get rid of the logo, much like other sports have done in response to North Carolina’s bathroom bill. While Manfred stated he does not want to deal with hypothetical questions, he did say the league is discussing the logo. “I think it’s important for the commissioner’s office to engage with the owner in terms of addressing the offense that some people take with respect to that logo,” Manfred told Smith. “We’ve begun those conversations, and I think you will see that over the relatively short term that we’ll be responsive to those concerns. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent GENEVA (AP)  —   The State Department says the United States is boycotting a session at the U. N. Human Rights Council that focuses on Palestine and other Arab occupied territories, saying it is biased against Israel. [State Department spokesman Mark Toner in a statement took aim at a recurring agenda item at the council, which focuses on Israel and the Palestinian territories  —   the only one of its kind to focus on a single country at every HRC session. It was taking place Monday.  Toner also said the United States would vote against every resolution that might be put forward under the agenda item. Earlier, the U. N.’s special rapporteur on rights in the Palestinian territories occupied by Israel, Michael Lynk, decried how “illegal settlement enterprise has moved at an alarming pace” this year. JERUSALEM (AP)  —   In a search for antiquities, Israeli archaeologists have unearthed a far more modern find  —     liquor bottles that belonged to British soldiers in World War I. [The Israel Antiquities Authority said Wednesday it was excavating    flint tools when the archaeologists stumbled upon hundreds of liquor bottles near a building where British soldiers were garrisoned in 1917.  Excavation director Ron Toueg says uniform buttons, belt buckles and riding equipment were found near the city of Ramle in addition to the bottles of gin, whiskey and wine. He said it offered a glimpse into “the everyday life and leisure of the soldiers. ” The items appear to have belonged to members of the Egyptian Expeditionary Force commanded by General Edmund Allenby. LANGUAGE WARNING]  TMZ Sports released video of Cincinnati Bengals cornerback Adam “Pacman” Jones’ arrest from earlier this month, and the    had some harsh words for his arresting officers. Jones was booked on misdemeanor charges of assault, disorderly conduct and obstructing official business, but picked up another charge of resisting arrest, as well as a felony charge of harassment with a bodily substance for spitting on a jail nurse. In the video from the police car, Jones can be heard telling the officer, “Suck my d***. ” “I hope you die tomorrow,” he later added. Jones continued to berate the cop, calling him a “b****” and “n****. ” He is due back in court February 10. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP)  —   Sweden’s education minister wants to ban   classes after last year’s public outcry after a Muslim school was allowed to separate boys and girls for gym classes. [Gustav Fridolin says “if there are problems by having boys and girls together, you should take care of the problem, not avoid it simply by separating the sexes. ”  Fridolin, a member of Sweden’s   minority government, told Swedish Radio Saturday that too many schools “have been given temporary permission to have boys and girls apart for several years. ” (AP)  —   French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen envisions the protective hand of the state guiding a reordered economy that punishes companies that fail to serve the interests of the nation and rewards those that put France first. [advertisement ROME (AP)  —   Italian rescue ships have plucked some 2, 000 migrants from unseaworthy smugglers’ boats off the coast of Libya, with hundreds of them arriving Saturday in southern Italian ports. [advertisement GENEVA (AP)  —   An Italian train derailed in the central Swiss city of Lucerne on Wednesday and one carriage tipped over, injuring seven people on board. [advertisement BERLIN (AP)  —   A German court has convicted a    Iraqi man of raping two Chinese college students in the western city of Bochum. [The dpa news agency reported Tuesday that the court sentenced the man to 11 years in prison.  The defendant, who wasn’t identified by name, acknowledged in court that he assaulted the women in August and November last year. DNA evidence linked him to both crimes. The defendant came to Germany as an   more than a year ago with his wife and children. The victims, who were 21 and 27 years old at the time, had been studying at Bochum university. The   case was one of several that fanned a national debate in Germany about how to respond to a rise in violent crimes committed by migrants. The campus of UC Davis welcomes MILO to the stage this evening to deliver a speech entitled “SHKRELOPOULOS  —   A TWITTER VILLAIN EXTRAVAGANZA” to a sold out crowd, featuring Martin Shkreli. [The talk begins at 10 PM ET, or in Pacific Time, 7 PM, and will be held in Science Lecture Hall 123 of UCD. Tonight’s event marks the first date in the third leg of the tour, a return after an   Christmas break.  MILO will discuss social justice issues, and host a discussion with entrepreneur and “Pharma Bro” Martin Shkreli, who was recently banned from Twitter. You can watch the event live, at the scheduled time, using the link below.  President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump have invited two widows of slain police officers killed in the line of duty by an illegal immigrant to watch his first address to a joint session of Congress. [Jessica Davis and Susan Oliver are the widows of Detective Michael Davis and Deputy Sheriff Danny Oliver from California who were killed in 2014 by Luis Enriquez Bracamontes. According to the White House, Bracamontes is an illegal immigrant who was arrested and deported twice but successfully   the country.  The Trumps have also invited Jamiel Shaw, Sr. whose son Jamiel Jr. was shot and killed by an illegal immigrant in 2008. Shaw endorsed Trump during the campaign, praising him for vowing to deport criminal illegal immigrants. Many Democratic lawmakers have announced that they are inviting refugees and illegal immigrants to Trump’s speech to protest his strict border enforcement measures. Sen. Marco Rubio says he wouldn’t use the term “witch hunt” because “these questions need to be answered” #CNNSOTU https:  .  On Sunday’s broadcast of on CNN’s “State of the Union,” when asked about President Donald Trump’s tweet claiming the naming of a special counsel is part of “single greatest witch hunt” in American political history, Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said he wouldn’t use the term “witch hunt” to describe the investigation into possible ties between President Trump’s campaign and Russia.  Rubio said, “I wouldn’t use the term witch hunt. ” He added, “I want to know the truth, I want to know the entire truth, I want us to put it in a report and I want to share it with you and the whole country so people can reach their own conclusion. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN During his speech at CPAC on Friday, President Trump stated of his election victory, “they all underestimated the power of the people, you, and the people proved them totally wrong. Never  —   and this is so true, and this is what’s been happening, never underestimate the people, never. ”  Trump said, “The media didn’t think we would win.   …     The pundits didn’t think we’d win. The consultants that suck up all that money, oh, they suck it up, they’re so good. They’re not good at politics, but they’re really good at sucking up people’s money, especially my opponents, because I kept them down to a minimum, but the consultants didn’t think we would win. But they all underestimated the power of the people, you, and the people proved them totally wrong. Never  —   and this is so true, and this is what’s been happening, never underestimate the people, never. I don’t think it’ll ever happen again. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett On Tuesday afternoon, President Barack Obama’s former National Security Advisor Susan Rice appeared on MSNBC with host Andrea Mitchell to answer questions about allegations that had emerged earlier in the week to suggest that she requested the “unmasking” of the names of Donald Trump’s campaign and transition teams in intelligence reports, which allegedly had nothing to do with national security, and that she had compiled spreadsheets of those names. [Here are the highlights of Mitchell’s interview with Rice, which took up the first   of Mitchell’s show.  Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak. The photo of Kathy Griffin posing with the severed head of President Donald Trump could be added to the long list of radical Islamic terrorists’ propaganda videos showing beheadings, including many committed by children. [In the image of Griffin, obtained by TMZ, the    My Life on the   comedian looks directly into the camera while hoisting up Trump’s severed head, dripping with dark red blood.  Controversial artist and photographer Tyler Shields is responsible for the gruesome image of Griffin, an outspoken critic of the president. In October, the comedian and television personality cut a mock campaign which featured her repeatedly telling the   presidential candidate to “f*ck off. ” Here are some terrorist videos that may have inspired Shields and Griffin in glamorizing murder and, in this case, the beheading of the president of the United States: (Reuters)  —   Russian President Vladimir Putin has said he believes former U. S. National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden was wrong to leak U. S. spy secrets, but is no traitor. [Snowden, 33, was given asylum in Russia in 2013 after leaking classified information about U. S. spy operations. His lawyer said in January Snowden had the right to remain in Russia until 2020 and to apply for Russian citizenship next year.  Putin, a former KGB officer and   of Russia’s FSB security service, made his comments about Snowden in an interview with U. S. film director Oliver Stone, excerpts of which were released ahead of its broadcast by U. S. TV network Showtime from June 12. “Snowden is not a traitor,” said Putin. “He did not betray the interests of his country, nor did he transfer any information to any other country that would damage his own people,” said Putin. Read the rest of the story at Reuters. CORAL GABLES, Fla. (AP)  —   The American Civil Liberties Union staged a nationwide training event Saturday to make sure people are aware of their rights as protesters and urge organized, public resistance by those opposed to policies of President Donald Trump. [advertisement Monday on MSNBC while discussing Senate Democrats opposition to President Donald Trump Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch, Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) said Republicans have “no other choice” than the nuclear option of lowering the   filibuster threshold for a Supreme Court nominee to a simple majority.  Partial transcript as follows: REPORTER: Mitch McConnell, the leader is prepared to go nuclear here? GRAHAM: Yeah. We have no other choice. We’re not going to have a tradition of the senate where they get their judges and President Trump can’t get his. REPORTER: When do you see potentially a floor vote? GRAHAM: At the end of the week. It’s sad but we are where we are. Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN An Ohio woman allegedly raped a    on January 4, police say. [India Kirksey, 20, of West Price Hill was arrested Monday and booked into the Hamilton County Jail, WXIX report.  Investigators say she recorded herself performing a sex act on the child, according to WLWT. Someone in Texas saw the video and contacted   authorities, prosecutors state. Cincinnati police say that Kirksey gave them a taped confession, according to the criminal complaint. A judge set her bond at $350, 000 Monday morning. On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) said if President Donald Trump were to change, Democrats could work with him.  Schumer said, “The bottom line is very simple: the president, if he works with us, particularly on issues like trade and infrastructure, we can work. But on the issues so far, taxes and healthcare, he doesn’t consult us at all. ” He added, “He’s not governing from the middle, he’s governing from the hard right. That’s why his regime has had hardly any major successes, with the exception of Gorsuch. If he changes, we can work together. But he can’t just dictate what he wants. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Mark Krikorian, Executive Director, Center for Immigration Studies spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Wednesday regarding the recent budget deal, which lacks border wall funding. [Asked what he thought of the border security issue as addressed by the budget deal, Krikorian said, “I think it was a surrender on the part of the president. There’s a good reason that Schumer and Pelosi are crowing about how they won on this because they did. ”  While discussing the immigration issue in depth, added Krikorian, “There is the sense that in a lot of ways on immigration, the White House is now betraying people who supported him. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  Fired former FBI Director James Comey said during his appearance before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday that the New York Times reporting on President Donald Trump colluding with the Russians during the 2016 presidential campaign was “not true. ”[Sen. Jim Risch ( ) asked Comey about the reporting.  “Okay, so again,” Risch said. “So the American people can understand this, that report by the New York Times was not true, is that a fair statement?” “It was not true,” Comey said. “Again, all of you know this, maybe the American people don’t. The challenge  —   I’m not picking on reporters about writing stories about classified information  …     [the challenge is] that people talking about it often don’t really now what’s going on and those of us who actually know what’s going on are not talking about it. ” “And we don’t call the press to say, hey, you got that thing wrong about this sensitive topic,” Comey said. “We just have to leave it there. ” On Friday’s coverage of the Inauguration on NBC, host Chuck Todd said President Donald Trump has “missed some opportunities these last six to eight weeks to  —   and again, I’ll go to what  —   to just erase the asterisk. ”  Todd said Trump “needs to earn this honeymoon. I think he has an opportunity to earn it. But he’s, I’m sorry, I’ve said it before, he missed some opportunities these last six to eight weeks to  —   and again, I’ll go to what  —   to just erase the asterisk. Whatever you want to say about it, and I know some of his supporters will say, ‘Why do you say that?’ But, look, when you win an election this way, the split popular vote, you know it’s a divided country. ” (  NewsBusters) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett PARIS (AP)  —   With a    video game and   rhetoric, French   candidate   Melenchon is rattling financial markets by swelling in polls just 11 days before the presidential vote. [Melenchon’s surge is the latest surprise in a   campaign that’s being closely watched around Europe, and in which   populism has played a starring role.  Most polling agencies still show that centrist Emmanuel Macron and   candidate Marine Le Pen are leading ahead of the April 23 first round and advance to the May 7 runoff. But Melenchon has risen in recent weeks to roughly third place, around even with conservative Francois Fillon. Melenchon’s   wit during the two presidential debates have boosted his standing. He promises to heavily tax the rich and pull France out of NATO and trade pacts. President Trump cracks joke at National Prayer Breakfast: Let’s pray for @Schwarzenegger’s ’Apprentice’ ratings https:  .  pic. twitter.  Thursday at the National Prayer Breakfast, President Donald Trump opened his remarks with a joke about the ratings of NBC’s “The Apprentice” with Arnold Schwarzenegger as the host.  “When I ran for president, I had to leave the show,” Trump said. “That’s when for sure I knew I was doing it. And they hired a big movie star, Arnold Schwarzenegger to take my place. And we know how that turned out. The ratings went right down the tubes. It’s been a total disaster. And Mark will never ever bet against Trump again and I just want to pray for Arnold if we can  —   for those ratings, OK?” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor .@jessebwatters: If I were in charge at Under Armour, I’d rip up Stephen Curry’s contract pic. twitter.  During Friday’s “Fox  Friends,” Fox News Channel host Jesse Watters reacted to Golden State Warriors star point guard Steph Curry criticizing Under Armour after CEO Kevin Plank described President Donald Trump earlier this week as an “asset” to the country and saying he would drop the “et” from “asset. ”  Watters said if he were Plank, he would “rip up” Curry’s endorsement contract with the company. “[Curry is] getting paid to support the company, now you’re gonna trash the company? I’d just rip up the contract,” Watters said. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent After First Lady Melania Trump opened President Donald Trump’s campaign rally Saturday in Florida with “The Lord’s Prayer,” she was savagely attacked by leftists on social media, disparaging her for her religious faith, her accent, and other things. [From Fox News:  Leftists on social media tore into First Lady Melania Trump, mocking her accent and religion and branding her everything from a hostage to a whore  —   all for the secular offense of reciting “The Lord’s Prayer. ” Melania Trump began President Trump’s rally Saturday in Florida by delivering the prayer, which Christians  —   many of whom recite the prayer in church each week  —   believe was first said by Jesus Christ. The crowd at   Airport received the prayer enthusiastically.   social media users were a different story, however. Read the entire article here. The Times of Israel reports: Egyptian President     told a delegation from an umbrella group of US Jewish groups that reaching an end to the   conflict is one of his top priorities. [Meeting in Cairo, Sissi told representatives from the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations that reaching a peace deal would remove a main impetus behind terror attacks.  Sunday’s meeting came as an Israeli media report detailed a secret summit between Sissi, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Jordan’s King Abdullah and US secretary of state John Kerry last year aimed at cobbling together a regional peace initiative. Read more here. Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” White House Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney said President Donald Trump’s tweet about a good government shutdown means he was willing “to think outside the box and do things differently” in order to “  . ”  Mulvaney said, “I think the president is frustrated that the process in Washington is broken. What we just did this week was fine and passable but not ideal. The appropriations, the spending process, Congress using the power of the purse has been broken here in Washington for more than 10 years. And I think a good shutdown would be one that could help fix that. It’s part of that overall    mentality about Washington, D. C.. This president is willing to think outside the box and do things differently around here in order to change Washington. And if that comes to a shutdown in September, so be it. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Friday’s broadcast of PBS’ “Washington Week,” Washington Post reporter Ed O’Keefe said of President Trump’s press conferences, “I don’t think any of us here should fault the guy for taking questions from 17 different news organizations. That’s a good thing. We want that. ”  O’Keefe said, “I don’t think any of us here should fault the guy for taking questions from 17 different news organizations. That’s a good thing. We want that. But it was different and it was very much a departure from what we’ve seen before. People who work at the White House are exhausted. We know that. Everyone in this town, frankly, I think is a bit exhausted.  But this is what he promised. He promised to shake it up. He promised it would be different and chaotic, and it’s certainly been that way. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” former communications chief for President George W. Bush Nicolle Wallace said   Donald Trump “bullies female reporters at his rally as an applause line. ”  Wallace said, “We have just elected a man who bullies female reporters at his rally as an applause line. We have just elected a man who started a hot war with a female anchor instead of attending a debate she moderated. We are in a new place. And I don’t think it’s good. And I don’t think it has any parallels to the past. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN BOSTON (AP)  —   Black students at Harvard University are organizing a graduation ceremony of their own this year to recognize the achievements of black students and faculty members some say have been overlooked. [advertisement Breitbart Senior Editor MILO appeared on Judge Jeannine Pirro’s show on Saturday night to discuss the aftermath of the UC Berkeley riots.[  MILO appeared on Judge Jeannine Pirro’s show on the Fox News channel on Sunday night to discuss the protests that occurred this week at UC Berkeley. MILO called on President Trump to follow through on a tweet he put out in which he mentioned pulling funds from UC Berkeley for failing to protect MILO’s First Amendment protection to free speech. If U. C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view  —   NO FEDERAL FUNDS?  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 2, 2017,  Americans buzzed over Melania Trump’s decision not to wear a headscarf in Saudi Arabia. [In Saudi Arabia, the Arab News newspaper headlined social media in the country talking about her “classy and conservative” fashion sense.   According to the Mercury News, Saudi minister of foreign affairs Adel bin Ahmen   told local media last week, “We welcome any style of clothing” worn by foreign dignitaries, despite the country’s strict dress code for women.   The Times of Israel reports: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Tuesday slammed The New York Times for publishing an opinion piece written by jailed Fatah leader Marwan Barghouti without noting he is serving multiple life terms for the murder of Israelis. [The prime minister said that referring to Barghouti solely as a politician, as The New York Times did, would be akin to calling Syrian President Bashar Assad “a pediatrician. ”  “I read, on Sunday, the article in the New York Times that presents   Marwan Barghouti as a ‘parliamentarian and leader,’” said Netanyahu on a visit to the southern city of Dimona. “Calling Barghouti a leader and parliamentarian is like calling [Syrian President Bashar] Assad a pediatrician. ” Netanyahu was corrected by a member of his audience who pointed out that Assad actually trained as an ophthalmologist. The    civil war in Syria has claimed hundreds of thousands of lives and displaced millions. Read more here.   COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP)  —   A Danish prosecutor says a    girl has been formally charged with planning bomb attacks against two schools in Denmark. [Prosecutor   Nilas says the teenager is accused of “having made preparations to make bombs” using the explosive known as TATP. She said her targets were a school west of Copenhagen and a Jewish school in the capital.  Police thwarted the plans by arresting the girl on Jan. 13, 2016. A trial is set to start April 7, 2017 in Holbaek, northwest of the Danish capital. Charges against a    man, initially believed to an accomplice, have been dropped. Defense lawyer Michael Juul Eriksen told The Associated Press his client, who twice had been in Syria, would be released later Friday. Neither the girl nor the man could be identified. NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP)  —   Bill Cosby’s trial on sexual assault charges ended in a mistrial Saturday after jurors failed to reach a unanimous decision in a case that helped destroy the    comedian’s image as “America’s Dad. ”[advertisement An illegal immigrant sex offender was arrested again in Texas after being deported from the U. S. six days prior. [Gabriel      of Mexico, was arrested by the U. S. Border Patrol after he was deported out of Hidalgo County, Texas earlier this month, according to Valley Central News.  “Record checks revealed the Defendant was formally   from the United States on April 7, 2017, through Hidalgo, Texas,” the criminal complaint against   states. Back in October 2015,   was arrested and convicted for sexual battery and was sentenced to more than 900 days in a U. S. prison, before being deported back to his native Mexico by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency.   faces federal immigration charges for illegally   the U. S. The criminal illegal immigrant is in ICE custody and is awaiting an immigration hearing. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder. Former   host David Letterman took aim at President Donald Trump and the members of his administration in a lengthy interview with New York magazine this week, explaining that he’d still love to interview the real estate    one final time. [The    former Late Night host, who retired in 2015, said that today’s   shows have an “obligation” to challenge the president, and described how he would interview Trump if he could get one final shot at him. advertisement (AFP)  —   The head of Palestinian Islamic courts on Sunday told judges not to grant divorces during Ramadan, fearing the   fast could spark rash words that would be regretted later. [Judge Mahmoud Habbash said he based his ruling on “the experience of previous years” when he found that the    fast and ban on cigarettes, which began on Saturday, tended to lead to frayed tempers and sharp tongues.  “Some, because they have not eaten and not smoked, create problems” in their marriages, he said in a statement, and they can make “quick and   decisions. ” According to the Palestinian Authority, 50, 000 weddings were celebrated in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip in 2015, but more than 8, 000 divorces were also registered. Endemic unemployment and poverty are said to be major contributing factors. There is no civil marriage or divorce in the Palestinian territories, where only religious courts have those powers. Tuesday on ABC’s “The View,” while discussing FBI Director James Comey saying Monday he “has no information that supports” President Donald Trump’s tweets accusing former President Barack Obama’s administration of wiretapping Trump Tower prior to the election,   Whoopi Goldberg tipped into Trump and said he should apologize to former President Obama because she said, “Nobody wiretapped your ass!”  Goldberg said, “So, yesterday, FBI director James Comey told the House Intelligence Committee there is no information about President Obama wiretapping Trump Tower, wiretapping Trump’s car, wiretapping Trump’s wife. ” She added, “The bottom line is nobody wiretapped your ass! So maybe Sean Spicer, I know you don’t get this, but perhaps an apology to the former    for accusing him of a federal crime, of a felony. The problem for me is when you know you’re wrong when the FBI, CIA, KFC, LMNOP said this didn’t happen and you double down on the lie. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The Jerusalem Post reports: Steven Tyler, lead singer of Aerosmith, landed in Israel on Saturday together with his partner Aimee Ann Preston, ahead of his concert on Wednesday. Tyler will be staying in Israel until May 17, when the band will kick off their farewell tour “  Baby!” in Tel Aviv’s Yarkon Park. [Tyler, who arrived separately from his bandmates, who will land on Monday, will be staying in the Dan Hotel’s royal suite, where Justin Bieber stayed just two weeks before.  Among Tyler’s requests to the hotel were 12 big pillows for his room, peanut butter and organic food, as well as to empty the room of alcoholic beverages. Read more here. Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” while discussing the American Health Care Act, Sen. Susan Collins ( ) said it would be “a mistake” to defund Planned Parenthood.  Collins said, “That is an important issue to me because I don’t think that   women should be denied their choice of health care providers, for family planning, cancer screenings, for well, women care. It’s not the only issue in this huge bill. But I certainly think it’s not fair and it is a mistake to defund Planned Parenthood. It’s one of many issues. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Facebook has reinstated the popular “Polandball” comedy page, following coverage of their “permanent suspension” by Breitbart News. [The page, which focuses on “  satire,” was originally notified by Facebook that they would be permanently deleted on Saturday for unknown reasons.  “We’re very sorry about this mistake,” said a Facebook spokesman in an email to Breitbart Tech. “A post was removed in error, which led to the removal of the page. Both the post and page have been restored. ” Polandball announced on their reinstated Facebook page that they would be keeping both the original and the backup page in case they are removed by error again in the future. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook. (REUTERS)  —   After 15 years of development, an Israeli tech firm is optimistic it will finally get its 1, 500 kg (1. 5 tonne) passenger carrying drone off the ground and into the market by 2020. [The Cormorant, billed as a flying car, is capable of transporting 500kg (around half a tonne) of weight and traveling at 185 km (115 miles) per hour. It completed its first automated solo flight over terrain in November. Its total price is estimated at $14 million.  Developers Urban Aeronautics believe the dark green drone, which uses internal rotors rather than helicopter propellers, could evacuate people from hostile environments   allow military forces safe access. Read more here. Kasich on ACA: There are some very conservative Rs in the House who are going to say just get rid of the whole thing  that’s not acceptable pic. twitter.  Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” Gov. John Kasich ( ) a former candidate for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination, said it was “not acceptable” for Republicans in Washington, DC to completely “get rid” of the Affordable Care Act.  Kasich said, “I mean there’s going to be a problem in the House of getting anything out of there that still provides coverage to people. That’s why the Republicans have to reach out to some of the Democrats. I don’t know whether that’s going to happen. ” He added, “Well because I think there are some very conservative Republicans in the House who are going to say just get rid of the whole thing. And that’s not acceptable when you have 20 million people or 700, 000 people in my state because where do the mentally ill go? Where do the drug addicted go?” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN BUDAPEST, Hungary (AP)  —   Hungary’s governing party says that it will propose legislation forcing   organizations reveal the source, amount and aim of foreign funding they receive. [advertisement During Saturday’s “Justice” on Fox News Channel, former Nixon and Ford speechwriter, actor and author Ben Stein said that mainstream media is acting as the “supreme power in America right now,” adding that they are trying to cut President Donald Trump “down to size. ”  “The media is the supreme power in America right now, and they are trying to cut President Trump down to size, and they’re using the judiciary as one of their pawns,” Stein told host Jeanine Pirro. “The media is the unaccountable fourth branch of the government,” he continued. “They can make up sources and have them go down in the history books as great journalists. They can make things up. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” the panel discussion on the Republican plan to repeal and replace Obamacare escalated into a shouting match with multiple interruptions and accusations of fake news.  Former advisor to President George W. Bush Karl Rove, conservative political commentator Rachel   and Obamacare architect Dr. Ezekial Emanuel got into a heated argument after the Center for American Progress President Neera Tanden said reports of Obamacare collapsing was “fake news from you guys. ” Host Chris Wallace ended the segment by saying, “Take it into the panel room. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The Times of Israel reports: After their husbands praised the “unbreakable bond” between Israel and the US at the welcome ceremony for US President Donald Trump, Sara Netanyahu, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s wife, told US First Lady Melania Trump that the two couples had more in common than pure geopolitical interests. [Chatting candidly on the tarmac at Ben Gurion Airport on Monday, Sara Netanyahu said that, like the Trumps, Israel’s “first couple” had been treated unfairly by the media but were loved by the people. “You know in Israel all the people like us. The media hate us but the people love us,” Netanyahu told the first lady in a recording that picked up their private conversation. “Like you. ”  “We have a lot in common,” Trump replied. Netanyahu, with a broad smile on her face, promised to continue the discussion “over dinner. ” Read more here. Shaquille O’Neal, you have brought this upon yourself. [After joining Kyrie Irving in stating his belief that he too thinks the Earth is flat, (Yes, do not adjust your clocks, this is 2017) Shaquille O’Neal drew   from fellow NBA legend Charles Barkley.  Appearing on the Rich Eisen Show, Shaq’s “Inside The NBA”   Charles Barkley knocked the Big Aristotle down a peg for his   podcast rant. Not only that, Barkley told the story of another instance of Shaq’s interstellar confusion: Here’s the video of that particular episode of “Inside The NBA”: Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn Fight to take back the Earth as android 2B in a desperate bid to reclaim a home for humanity in Nier: Automata. [Nier: Automata is a spiritual sequel to   JRPG Neir directed by Yoko Taro and developer PlatinumGames, the studio that made Bayonetta, Vanquish, and Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance. In the far future, mechanical alien invaders have overrun Earth, forcing mankind to flee to the moon. Now, the last remnants of humanity have launched a   using androids to fight their battles for them and attempt to retake the world from machines.  Players take on the role of 2B, a deadly combat android accompanied by fellow android 9S in her war against the machines. Nier: Automata blends intense   melee and ranged combat with elements of   bullet hell shooters and   beat ’em ups for a unique and evolving gameplay experience in an   adventure. Nier: Automata is available now on Playstation 4 and releases March 17 on Steam for PC.   Saturday, MTV News senior national correspondent Jamil Smith called   Donald Trump “uppity” for taking presidential steps during his lame duck days.  “There’s reports now he’s even upset with President Obama taking actual presidential steps in these last few lame duck days. How uppity of him,” Smith said on MSNBC’s “AM Joy. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent (Associated Press) The Obama administration is ending the “wet foot, dry foot” policy that granted residency to Cubans who arrived in the United States without visas. [That’s according to a senior administration official, who said the policy change was effective immediately.  The official said the U. S. and Cuba have spent several months negotiating the change, including an agreement from Cuba to allow those turned away from the U. S. to return. The move comes about a week before President Barack Obama leaves office and is likely the last major change he will make to his overhaul of the U. S. relationship with Cuba. The official insisted on anonymity in order to detail the policy ahead of an official announcement. DURHAM, N. C. (AP)  —   Snow and sleet pounded a large swath of the East Coast on Saturday, coating roads with ice and causing hundreds of crashes. Thousands of people lost power and forecasters warned of   conditions from Virginia to parts of the Northeast. [advertisement This week in an interview on New York City’s  Fox 5’s “Good Day New York,” actor Robert De Niro said President Donald Trump was a “mutt” who has “debased the presidency. ”  De Niro said, “This is guy has sullied the presidency, he’s debased the presidency. It’s just beyond surreal what this guy has done. ” He added, “He’s a mutt. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN MADRID (AP)  —   Police in Barcelona fired gunshots Tuesday to stop a man who stole a butane gas truck and drove it at high speed against traffic on a city highway, ramming several cars along the way, a police spokeswoman said. Authorities ruled out terrorism as a motive. [advertisement Tuesday at her weekly briefing, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) said President Donald Trump’s proposed wall on the U. S.  border was “an insult to our hemisphere. ”  Pelosi said, “I think the wall is ineffective. It’s an immorality really, an insult to our hemisphere. And I hope that we don’t have that. Do we have the responsibility to protect our border? Yes, every country does. Can we do that using technology and our customs authorities and the rest of that? Sure. A wall? No. So I would hope they wouldn’t try that. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Wednesday on MSNBC’s “MTP Daily,” host Chuck Todd reacted to the shooting at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, VA, saying that we were “all to blame. ”  Todd said, “Folks, some want to blame the left or the right or us in the media. But here’s who it seems too many folks don’t want to blame themselves. We are all to blame. This toxic stew that passes for political discourse seems beyond repair in the current moment. Just look at social media. ” “For too long, our collective politics has demonized the other side for caustic behavior while rationalizing that same behavior when it comes from someone who shares their politics,” he continued. “Maybe we ought to borrow another phrase that we’re all asked to do, when you see something, say something. And for political leaders, when you see caustic behavior, no matter if that person agrees with you, why don’t you say something to them?” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The Trump administration did not get funding for a border wall construction in its   budget agreement with Democrats, so Breitbart News took a look at 99 programs that the federal budget is currently funding. [Apart from a few hundred million to repair fencing along the border, it’s pretty hard to see the president’s America First agenda in the budget Friday on Fox News Channel’s “Hannity,” host Sean Hannity used his opening monologue to react to House Speaker Paul Ryan’s decision not to proceed with a vote on the   American Health Care Act, which would have been the opening salvo for Republicans trying to dismantle the 2010 Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare.  Hannity argued Republicans must make sure this doesn’t happen in the future and point to the flaws in the legislative process where improvement must be made. However, he emphasized the outcome was not the fault of President Donald Trump. “Let me be very clear here,” Hannity said. “This is not President Trump’s failure. President Trump went above and beyond and did everything in his power to get this bill across the finish line. ” Hannity went on to take aim at the media and the Democratic opposition to the bill but reiterated that measures should be taken to ensure this doesn’t happen again. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor PARIS (AP)  —   A voting station in eastern France has reopened after being evacuated because of a suspicious vehicle parked nearby. [Interior Ministry spokesman   Brandet told The Associated Press that the voting station in Besancon was evacuated while explosives experts examined the car, but they deemed there to be no risk.  He said no other incidents have been reported in Sunday’s   presidential election. Tens of thousands of security forces are guarding voting stations across France after an attack in Paris on Thursday revived security concerns. France remains under a state of emergency after deadly Islamic extremist attacks in recent years. The top two winners on Sunday will advance to a May 7 runoff.   Reuters reported: ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters)  —   U. S. President Donald Trump said on Friday that Iran President Hassan Rouhani “better be careful” after Rouhani was quoted as saying that anyone who speaks to Iranians with threats would regret it. [Trump was asked in a brief appearance in the press cabin aboard Air Force One about Rouhani’s reported remarks to a rally in Tehran to celebrate the anniversary of the Islamic Revolution. Rouhani was quoted in media reports as saying Iran had shown in the 38 years since the revolution that “it will make anyone who speaks to Iranians with the language of threats regret it. ”  “He better be careful,” Trump said. Read the full story here. Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “America’s Newsroom,” while discussing President Barack Obama’s former national security adviser Susan Rice’s decision to decline an invitation to testify before a Senate subcommittee on Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, Rep. Trey Gowdy ( ) said that could lead Congress to subpoena her.  Gowdy said, “There are other ways to invite people other than via a letter. There are things called subpoenas. You shouldn’t have to use it with a former national security adviser, but if you do, you do. ”Referencing Rice’s role in the unmasking of  Trump transition officials he said Rice is “a very important witness. ” He added, “Members of Congress don’t pick the witnesses. Lawyers don’t pick witnesses. The facts pick the witnesses. And whether Ambassador Rice likes it or not, she’s a really important fact witness. ” (  WFB) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Thursday,   Donald Trump and Vice   Mike Pence will speak at the “Make America Great Again! Welcome Celebration” live from the Lincoln Memorial beginning at 4 p. m. ET.  Country singer Toby Keith and 3 Doors Down are set to perform, as well as various military bands. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo The Jerusalem Post reports: Palestinian factions in the West Bank are calling for “A Day of Rage” to coincide with US President Donald Trump’s visit to Bethlehem on Tuesday, where he is expected to meet with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas. [Trump, who is currently in Saudi Arabia for his first international trip since taking office in January, will arrive in Israel on Monday and meet with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu where the two are expected to discuss prospects for peace negotiations and security issues.  One Palestinian organization, called the Islamic and National Forces, initiated the “Rage Day” call in a statement in conjunction with other West Bank factions, saying that they want to send a message to the American president that “the Palestinian people insist on their right to   and national independence with east Jerusalem as its sovereign capital. ” Read more here. Saturday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” MSNBC terrorism analyst Malcolm Nance argued that President Donald Trump “never promised democracy” in the election, and instead “always promised autocracy. ”  “Vladimir Putin views Donald Trump as an ally because he intends to establish a series of global autocracies and link the world through autocracy, not through the old communism that he was brought up with,” Nance said to host Joy Reid. He added, “Donald Trump never promised democracy in this election. If you go back, he’s always promised autocracy. In fact, you could argue that   …     Donald Trump is the closest thing we’ve ever had to King George III and they’re very, very much alike. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Sunday at the University of Notre Dame graduation ceremony in South Bend, IN, dozens of students marched out of the stadium moments after Vice President Mike Pence took the stage.  Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Friday on Fox Sports 1’s “Undisputed,”   Skip Bayless reacted to UC Berkeley sociologist professor and activist Dr. Harry Edwards comparing free agent quarterback Colin Kaepernick to Muhammad Ali.  While Bayless admitted now is too early to see the full impact Kaepernick’s national anthem protest made, he did say the quarterback had “profound national impact” and “opened up some souls of some white people. ” “I’ve also said many times on our Kaepernick discussions, Colin Kaepernick has hd profound national impact. He wound up on the cover of ‘Time’ magazine. He opened a whole lot of eyes and ears and hearts and head. He opened up some souls of some white people to say, ‘Oh, wait a second. Oh yeah, oh, oh, this is a real problem.’ Now, I can’t measure the impact of that right now because we’re in the moment of it. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Hardball,” host Chris Matthews said President Donald Trump’s “boasts and bragging” was “simian,” adding it was like a “monkey banging with a stick. ”  Matthews said, “The ego here is  —   well it’s something. By the way, his teeth come out like it’s simian almost. It’s simian, like a monkey banging with a stick, You know, ‘I’m the biggest. I’m the biggest.’ Pounding his chest. It does have a simian quality to it, I mean primordial, I should say. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN From newly installed gold drapes in the Oval Office to golden decor in his New York penthouse, it’s well known that the new occupant at 1600 Pennsylvania can’t get enough of his favorite color. [Now President Trump, who claims to own a few club championship trophies, has a new gold weapon of choice on the golf tee thanks to a gift from Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.  In @POLITICO Playbook: Palm Beach update: pix of Trump on driving range + inside Steve Schwarzman’s 70th bday bash: https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Daniel Lippman (@dlippman) February 12, 2017,  Trump looks in good form, swinging his gold Honma Beres   driver on the range in Palm Beach. Abe gifted the new club to the president after he won the election in 2016. Hopefully, the new driver will give America’s 45th president a few more yards off the tee and help him keep his golf ball on the fairway. With a retail price of $3, 755 it better. Tuesday on Hugh Hewitt’s nationally syndicated radio show, Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) commented on a report that former National Security Advisor Susan Rice for President Barack Obama was behind the unmasking of the identities of members of Donald Trump’s transition team.  Cotton noted Rice’s involvement in this story and her involvement in what he suggested were other Obama administration foreign policy missteps and likened her to “Typhoid Mary. ” “Susan Rice is the Typhoid Mary of the Obama administration foreign policy,” Cotton said. “Every time something went wrong, she seemed to turn up in the middle of it, whether it was these allegations of improper unmasking, intentional or improper surveillance, whether it’s Benghazi or the other fiascos over the eight years of the Obama administration. ” “If Eli Lake’s reporting is correct, it is hard to square what Susan Rice said in that PBS interview,” he added. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Donald Trump’s inauguration proceedings this Friday officially confirmed his new job as 45th President of the United States. [Here are some of the best images captured during the ceremony and its aftermath.      Thursday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Time magazine Washington bureau chief Michael Scherer revealed the responses of an interview he conducted with President Donald Trump a day earlier.  In that interview, when questioned by Scherer about his tweet claiming to have been wiretapped by the previous administration and his lack of faith in the intelligence community, Trump wrapped up his response by pointing out he is president of the United States, and therefore can not being “so badly. ” Exchange as follows: TRUMP: Hey look, in the mean time, I guess, I can’t be doing so badly, because I’m president, and you’re not. You know. Say hello to everybody OK? SCHERER: Thank you very much, Mr. President. (  Mediaite) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor “I thought I was impervious to hateful leftist rhetoric,” MILO told Breitbart News. “But this makes me rethink everything. Maybe I should just cancel the tour. There’s no coming back from this. ”[  Saturday, conservative columnist Ann Coulter defended President Donald Trump for his feud with the media, saying he is not attacking the first amendment or the media itself, but rather “attacking a lying media. ”  “[Trump] is not attacking the first amendment. He’s not attacking a free press or the media, he’s attacking a lying media, and they do lie,” Coulter told host Judge Jeanine Pirro. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent The Spring Update for Homefront: The Revolution offers gamers who haven’t bought the game a huge free trial while bringing improvements to existing players and the “Beyond the Walls” expansion for Season Pass holders. [With the latest update, players on Xbox One and Playstation 4 who don’t own Homefront: The Revolution can now play the game’s online cooperative mode for free, with no  . A free   trial allows gamers to play through the entire first Red Zone, “which totals up to 4 hours of gameplay,” of developer Dambuster Studio’s   shooter.  For Season Pass holders, the final   expansion, “Beyond the Walls,” is now available, “set in a new rural environment beyond the walls of Philadelphia that feels much more similar to the original Homefront’s setting. ” Players must lead resistance fighter Ethan Brady out of Philadelphia into rural Pennsylvania to “make contact with NATO and discover their daring plan to defeat the KPA once and for all. ” VIENNA (AP)  —   Austria’s chancellor is offering the country as a new home for the Central European University in Budapest, after Hungarian lawmakers approved laws for tighter regulation of foreign universities. [advertisement Wednesday at the White House press briefing CNN’s Jim Acosta asked if President Donald Trump was “detached from reality” because of comments the president made at a White House gathering for Senators on Tuesday night.  Acosta questioned Trump saying U. S. soldiers in Iraq were fighting “like never before,” and that passing health care reform would be “easy. ” White House press secretary Sean Spicer said the comments were a “  moment. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Friday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” The Washington Post’s Bob Woodward called out the media for “binge drinking the    . ”  Woodward said, “Stick to the reporting. Stick to the reporting. You have done a great job. Of course, one of the realities here is that we’ve got an old newspaper war going between The New York Times and The Washington Post. Some very powerful stories. At the same time, I think it’s time to dial back a little bit about because there are people around  —   certainly not you, certainly not the reporters at the Post  —   who are kind of binge drinking the    . And that is not going to work in journalism. Let the politicians have that binge drinking. ” (  Daily Caller) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg closed his commencement speech at Harvard this week by discussing the need to “modernize democracy” and calling for universal basic income in America. [CNBC reports that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg gave his Harvard commencement speech yesterday, speaking of the need to “modernize democracy” and floating the idea that many Silicon Valley personalities such as Sam Altman, president of venture capital firm Y Combinator, have pushed for, universal basic income for all American citizens. “Every generation expands its definition of equality. Now it’s time for our generation to define a new social contract,” said Zuckerberg during his speech, “We should have a society that measures progress not by economic metrics like GDP but by how many of us have a role we find meaningful. We should explore ideas like universal basic income to make sure everyone has a cushion to try new ideas. ”   Donald Trump boasted on Thursday that his administration will “have by far the highest IQ of any cabinet ever assembled. ”[Trump delivered these remarks at a leadership luncheon with inauguration officials and Republican leaders at Trump International Hotel in Washington, D. C. on Thursday afternoon.   He praised the members of his cabinet, including “the legendary Jeff Sessions”  —   the Alabama senator who is Trump’s nominee for U. S. Attorney General. He also mentioned UN Ambassador nominee South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley, Health and Human Services Secretary nominee Dr. Tom Price ( ) and Treasury Secretary nominee Steve Mnuchin, among others. “We have a lot of smart people. I tell you what  —   we have by far the highest IQ of any Cabinet ever,” he said. Watch the video of his complete remarks above. The Times of Israel reports: US President Donald Trump refused to confirm reports that he would announce the transfer of the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem during a visit to Israel next month, but hinted Thursday that he may clarify the issue at that time. [On Thursday, Florida Rep. Ron DeSantis (R) who earlier this year led a     trip to scout locations for the embassy, said Trump would announce the relocation when he visits Israel at the end of May, fulfilling a campaign promise he appeared to walk back after assuming office. Asked about the relocation by Reuters, Trump demurred.  “Ask me in a month on that,” he told the news agency. Trump also appeared to express frustration that Israelis and Palestinians continued to not have a peace deal, saying there was no reason for the conflict to persist. Read more here. While speaking to reporters on Capitol Hill about the American Health Care Act after the GOP’s meeting on the bill on Thursday, Speaker of the House Representative Paul Ryan ( ) stated, “tomorrow, we’re proceeding. ”  Ryan said, “We have been promising the American people that we will repeal and replace this broken law [the Affordable Care Act] because it’s collapsing, and it’s failing families, and tomorrow, we’re proceeding. ” After he concluded with his statement, Ryan left, and did not answer a shouted question on whether the bill has enough members who are willing to vote for it to pass. Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett BERN (AP)  —   Swiss voters are supporting a referendum to withdraw the country from nuclear power in favour of renewable energy. [A projection from Sunday’s referendum shows a majority of cantons (states) voted for the plan. Under Switzerland’s direct democracy system, initiatives need a majority of both cantons and votes to pass.  The projection for SRF public television showed 58 percent of voters in favor and 42 percent against the proposal. The Swiss government wants to ban the construction of new nuclear power plants and decommission the country’s five existing ones at the end of their technically safe operating lives. The plan would also boost renewable energies such as solar and wind and make cars and electronic devices more energy efficient. Opponents warned the initiative would significantly increase electricity bills. The Times of Israel reports:  US   Donald Trump told the Israel Hayom   daily that he intends to go through with his pledge to move the US Embassy to Jerusalem, saying that “clearly I did not forget” the promise made on the campaign trail. [Asked by the paper Tuesday night at the Chairman’s Global Dinner in Washington, DC  —   an exclusive black tie event for diplomats and members of the incoming administration  —   if “you have not forgotten your promise concerning the embassy in Jerusalem,” Trump responded that “of course I remember what I said about Jerusalem. ”  Read more here. Stocks closed higher Thursday for a sixth straight day of gains, the longest winning streak since February. [The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 70. 53 points, or 0. 3 percent, to close at 21, 082. 95. That is forty points shy of the record closing high set on March 1.  The broader SP 500 index hit a record 2, 4155. 07 on a rise of 0. 4 percent. The leading sectors were tech and  . Shares of Best Buy rose 21% after the company reported better than expected results. The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 0. 7 percent to a record 6, 205. 26. Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Sen. Susan Collins ( ) said during President Donald Trump’s meeting with former FBI Director James Comey that Trump should not have discussed the investigation into former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn.  Collins said, “The conversation should not have occurred. There’s just no doubt about that. ” “It’s not an excuse,” she added. “The president clearly does not fully understand or appreciate the boundaries but he should. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Sunday in East Room of the White House at the senior staff   ceremony, President Donald Trump’s chief strategist and senior counselor Steve Bannon was sworn in by Vice President Mike Pence.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo On Tuesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “New Day,” former White House Press Secretary Jay Carney argued President Obama’s presidency was “  beyond his personal life. ”  Carney said Obama’s presidency was “  beyond his personal life. The man’s integrity, his decency and his optimism about America that he both embodied and pursued, I think will be his legacy. ” (  Mediaite) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Wednesday on Bravo’s “Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen,” MSNBC host Rachel Maddow said that she would like to ask   Donald Trump if he is going to send her “to a camp. ”  Reading a viewer question Cohen asked, “If you booked Donald Trump on your show, what would your first question be?” Maddow replied, “Ah, are you going to send me or anybody that I know to a camp?” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Breitbart    Alex Marlow will be the headline guest on Real Time with Bill Maher on Friday, June 16. [This comes on the heels of Newsweek magazine featuring Marlow in the artwork for a cover story by Alexander Nazaryan highlighting the influence Breitbart News has had in shaping the political discussion around the economic nationalist and populist issues that propelled the election of Donald Trump.   According to traffic ranking website Alexa. com, which is owned by Amazon. com, Newsweek. com is ranked 667th in the United States. Breitbart News is ranked 61st. Breitbart News’s traffic for the first five months of 2017 is up 59% over the same period of time in 2016. Real Time with Bill Maher airs live on HBO at 10pm Eastern. Other special guests include Ian Bremmer, Malcolm Nance, and Eddie Izzard. MADRID (AP)  —   Spain’s Interior Ministry said two separate arrests have been made in connection with Islamic extremism, bringing to 188 the number of people accused of jihadi links in Spain since 2015. [advertisement Dennis Rodman gives Kim Jong Un eclectic gifts that include ”Where’s Waldo,” Trump’s book, mermaid puzzle and soap. https:  .  pic. twitter.  NBA Hall of Fame’s Dennis Rodman is in North Korea visiting dictator Kim   “trying to open a door” between the North Korea leader and United States President Donald Trump.  Thursday, Rodman did just that, giving North Korea’s sports minister a copy of Trump’s book “The Art of the Deal,” among other gifts, intended for Kim  . Along with Trump’s book, Rodman gifted the North Korean dictator with two autographed generic basketball jerseys, bath soap sets, a mermaid jigsaw puzzle and a “Where’s Waldo?” book. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent TMZ Sports spoke with Pittsburgh Pirates star center fielder Andrew McCutchen about Boston Red Sox fans yelling racial slurs at Baltimore Orioles center fielder Adam Jones last week.  McCutchen said he played at Fenway Park for the first time earlier this season and did not experience any racism from the fans. “Everyone was pretty cool, pretty normal,” McCutchen stated. The reporter then asked McCutchen about New York Yankees pitcher CC Sabathia saying all black players “expect” racism in Boston. “[E]veryone has different experiences in different divisions,” he said. “CC’s been around longer than I have and he’s played in different divisions, so he probably experiences a lot more than I have. I’m sure he probably just expects that that’s going to happen. You hate that you have to think that way, but sometimes that’s part of it and you just gotta turn the other cheek and move on. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent House Speaker Paul Ryan promised to move forward on his plan to replace Obamacare after a meeting with House Republicans and White House officials, but he didn’t say whether he had the votes to pass the legislation. [“We have been promising the American people that we will repeal and replace this broken law and tomorrow we’re proceeding,” Ryan told reporters after the meeting on Capitol Hill. As reporters shouted questions about whether he had enough Republicans votes, Ryan walked away from the microphone.  Senior White House aides Reince Priebus, Steve Bannon, Kellyanne Conway, and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney delivered an ultimatum from President Donald Trump: Vote for the House bill on Friday or Obamacare remains. Trump is ready to move on. Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” Defense Secretary James Mattis said President Donald Trump is “wide open” on whether or not the United States should remain in the Paris climate accord.  Mattis said, “We’ve obviously got a discussion going on about our policy in this regard. I was sitting in on some of the discussions in Brussels, by the way, where climate change came up, and the president was open. He was curious about why others were in the position they were in  —   his counterparts in other nations  —   and I’m quite certain the president is wide open on this issue as he takes in the pros and cons of that accord. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Shortly after UC Berkeley protesters derailed the finale of the Dangerous Faggot Tour, MILO spoke with Fox News’ Tucker Carlson about the serious issues in American higher education.[  MILO told Tucker Carlson that tonight’s riots are an embarrassment for American higher education. “I think tonight is  …    a horrible spectacle and very humiliating for American higher education. ” He added that he’s learned over the course of the Dangerous Faggot Tour that there isn’t much that can be said on a college campus without upsetting students. “  …    I found out actually you can’t say very much at all without people getting upset. ” “No one’s safety is at risk from different opinions. No one’s physical safety is endangered by political ideas,” MILO added. Tucker Carlson pointed out that the left would likely blame MILO for the violence carried out against him. Thursday making his way from the White House in Washington, D. C. to Philadelphia for the congressional Republican retreat, President Donald Trump boarded Air Force One for the first time at Andrews Joint Airbase in Maryland and deboarded the plane in Philadelphia.  Watch: Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo After suffering its most dangerous year for decades, Chicago is already on track for an even worse year of bloodshed, murder, and crime as Tuesday counted seven dead in a single day. The victims included a pregnant woman. [Just after 9 PM on February 22, Chicago police found a    man and a pregnant woman shot in the city’s Chatham neighborhood, Chicago’s WGN TV reported.  The man was found shot in a parked car and the woman was discovered lying on a sidewalk. The victims were taken to a nearby hospital but both were pronounced dead. The male shooting victim was a known gang member. The name of the female victim is not being released. Thus far this year, Chicago has already suffered 99 homicides with 94 of those deaths by firearm. 2017 is also already ahead of 2016 with over 400 shooting victims. By the end of February last year the city saw only 202 shootings with 46 dead. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com. On Breitbart News Saturday, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 10 AM to 1 PM Eastern, Breitbart lead investigative reporter Lee Stranahan will be discussing school choice and homeschooling, healthcare reform, fake news about Russian hacking, and the strange story of Pakistani brothers arrested for looking at GOP emails and more. [Guests include Breitbart’s Washington Political Editor, Matt Boyle, and Breitbart’s brilliant investigative reporter Dr. Susan Berry.  Also appearing on the show will be the Daily Caller’s Luke Rosiak and Tennessee Star Managing Editor Christina Botteri. Breitbart’s conservative radio enterprise airs seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” As always, the premier guest on the show is YOU. So make sure you call in to talk to Lee. Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at   . A criminal illegal immigrant who was deported some four times already has been arrested again by the U. S. Border Patrol. [Diego      of Mexico, was arrested by Border Patrol agents after   the U. S. despite being deported four times prior since 2001, according to Valley Central News.    was arrested and deported in 2001 by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency in Hidalgo, Texas. Then, in 2002 and 2012,   was detained and deported by ICE agents through Laredo, Texas. On Feb. 2017,   was arrested for the fourth time by ICE in New Orleans, Louisiana, and subsequently deported. Since 1993,   has been booked into the Hidalgo County Jail at least 18 times for a slew of charges, including aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, theft, and drunk driving.   is facing charges for   the U. S. for the fifth time. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder. During his monologue on Saturday’s “The Greg Gutfeld Show,” host Greg Gutfeld reacted to President Donald Trump’s accusation that former President Barack Obama wiretapped him and the fallout following the claim.  “Maybe Trump wasn’t totally wrong after all. Maybe he was just half wrong, which makes him half right —   which among politicians makes him a genius,” Gutfeld stated. “This doesn’t vindicate Trump, but it does not not vindicate him,” he added. “He may have been wrong specifically but generally speaking, what happened is enough smoke to maybe look like fire. For Trump, that’s a win. It’s funny, even when he’s losing he ends up winning because the nuttiness of his enemies makes him right by comparison. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent A group on a Delta flight going from Tampa to Los Angeles was treated to a Kenny G performance Saturday morning.  Per ABC Action News, the person sitting next to the   saxophonist was an   flight attendant whose daughter had died of brain cancer. She asked Kenny G to play. The head flight attendant then told passengers that Kenny G would play for them if they donated $1, 000 to cancer charity Relay for Life. Passengers rose to the challenge and then some, raising about $2, 000. Kenny G lived up to his promise, performing while walking up and down the aisle. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Senator Tim Scott had the perfect response to a Twitter user who called him a “house n —   . ”[  “Senate,” Scott,  . C. responded in a retweet, which received hundreds of likes and retweets from his followers. The “house n —  a” slur was apparently prompted by Scott’s support for Jeff Sessions as   Trump’s nominee for Attorney General. After Scott’s response, the user deleted the tweet, but screenshots of the exchange have gone viral. Reflecting on the exchange, Scott added that he believes that people should focus on disagreeing with each other respectfully. Disagree without being disagreeable. #motto https:  .   —   Tim Scott (@SenatorTimScott) January 11, 2017,  Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about social justice and libertarian issues for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com Tim Graham, executive editor of NewsBusters, spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Thursday regarding the media’s reaction to the shooting at a Republican baseball practice that critically injured Rep. Steve Scalise. He also talked about the backlash of Megyn Kelly’s interview with Alex Jones. [Graham commented on MSNBC anchor Andrea Mitchell’s reporting on the shooting by saying, “In 2011, when Congresswoman Gabriel Giffords was shot, they jumped on the idea that this was the Tea Party. In Denver, they jumped on the notion that the shooter was the Tea Party. In both cases, they didn’t have anything. Here, in this case, it’s quite clear. ”  Graham continued, “That’s not to say Bernie Sanders is in any way responsible for this. It just means they have liked to, in the past, associate conservative politics with violence or a climate of hate. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN:  Rep. Hakeem Jeffries ( ) said Saturday in an interview on MSNBC that the country was in the “midst of a constitutional crisis,” and added that President Donald Trump’s decision last week to fire FBI Director James Comey was “an urgent threat to our democracy. ”  “We are in the midst of a constitutional crisis  —   the likes of which we have not seen in this country since the days of Watergate and Richard Nixon,” Jeffries argued. “The firing of [James Comey] who was overseeing a criminal investigation to implicate the president of the United States is an urgent threat to our democracy, our way of life and our values. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Friday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” while discussing President Donald Trump’s former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn working as a foreign agent during the presidential campaign,   Mika Brzezinski said declared the Trump presidency as having “no credibility where we stand right now. ”  Brzezinski said, “It’s staggering   …     They have made a joke of the entire transition process, and this presidency has no credibility where we stand right now. I don’t say that with hysteria. I don’t say that with shrillness. I say that with a deep sense of concern for how we often cover this story because there are people who believe Trump from start to finish and he’s not telling the truth. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN A Washington, DC bar will give away free drinks every time President Donald Trump tweets about former FBI Director James Comey during Comey’s Thursday testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee.  The mainstream media are covering Comey’s testimony like the Super Bowl, and multiple D. C. bars will open in the morning to host viewing parties. D. C.’s Union Pub announced on its Facebook page that it will open its doors at 9:30 a. m. and buy “a round of drinks for the house every time Trump Tweets about Comey during his testimony!” The “special” offer will run “til Comey’s testimony is over, or 4pm, whichever is earlier. ”   The Washington Post’s Robert Costa reported that Trump “does not plan to put down Twitter on Thursday” and may even “live tweet if he feels the need to respond. ” I’m told by two WH sources that Pres. Trump does not plan to put down Twitter on Thursday. May live tweet if he feels the need to respond.  —   Robert Costa (@costareports) June 6, 2017,  The Times of Israel reports: JTA  —   Ezra Schwartz, who was killed by a Palestinian terrorist in Israel in November 2015, was inducted posthumously into the Alpha Epsilon Pi fraternity at Rutgers University. [The induction ceremony was held Sunday night, at the start of Memorial Day in Israel, which commemorates fallen soldiers as well as victims of terror. At the Sunday ceremony, Ari Schwartz, the father of Ezra, was inducted as an honorary brother of the Rho Upsilon chapter of the Jewish fraternity, which has chapters throughout the United States and around the world.  Ari Schwartz said at the ceremony that unlike others in his son’s memory since he died, the fraternity ceremony “represents who he could have been,” the news website MycentralJersey reported. Read more here. Cincinnati Bengals cornerback Adam “Pacman” Jones was arrested Monday night on multiple charges, Fox 19 reports. [Jones was booked into the Hamilton County Justice Center in Cincinnati, OH at 12:25 a. m. Tuesday on misdemeanor charges of assault, disorderly conduct and obstructing official business. He was later charged with felony charge of harassment with a bodily substance after police say he spit on a jail nurse.  Jones is accused of yelling and banging on a glass door and cursing at a security guard. He then reportedly pushed the guard and poked his eye. Police say when they tried to arrest the    he tried to pull away from officers and take off. Jones is also accused of kicking,   and refusing to enter a police car. “Pacman” has a lengthy history of arrests over his long career, missing the entire 2007 season and half of 2008 for   incidents. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent An incredible momentWhen the mic doesn’t work, the crowd takes over  belts out The   Banner. .... .In Edmonton🇺🇸🇨🇦 #StanleyCup pic. twitter.  Microphone issues before the third game of the Stanley Cup playoffs between the Anaheim Ducks and the Edmonton Oilers forced those in attendance to improvise at Edmonton’s Rogers Place Sunday.  Country singer Brett Kissel was supposed to sing the U. S. national anthem, but when he noticed the microphone was not working, he led the packed Canadian crowd in singing the “  Banner” together. The Ducks went on to win the game   putting them down   in the seven game series. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Sunday on CNN’s “Reliable Sources,” host Brian Stelter said President Donald Trump‘s tweet labeling the press an “enemy” of the American people was “a verbal form of poison. ”  Stelter said, “Poison. that’s what it is. It’s a verbal form of poison meant to affect your view of the media world. Meant to harm news organizations. Notice what Trump was doing with this tweet. The famous tweet from  Friday. It says the fake news media, failing New York Times, NBC, CBS, CNN is not my enemy. It’s the enemy of the American people. ” “He was signaling out specific news outlets as enemies,” he continued. “He wasn’t talking about the entire press. He was talking about those five. He wasn’t saying they are his enemy but your enemy. Maybe trying to drive another wedge between the sources he likes and the sources he dislikes. Maybe he was trying to distract us. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Friday in Tehran, CNN reported on Iranians marching on Revolution Day to mark the anniversary of the 1979 Islamic revolution.  According to the report, the demonstration took on an   theme with protesters chanting, “Death to Trump. Death to America. ” (  Grabien) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN President Donald Trump reacted again to the aftermath of the Berkeley riots in response to a scheduled speech by Breitbart News editor Milo Yiannopoulos. [“Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!” Trump wrote on Twitter on Friday.  Rioters caused an estimated $100, 000 in property damage in Berkeley on Wednesday, and only one person was arrested. Bank windows and ATMs were smashed, a Starbucks was looted,   graffiti was painted on store fronts, Molotov cocktails were thrown, and garbage fires were lit in the streets. On Thursday, Trump responded to the rioting by threatening to cancel federal funding for colleges that failed to protect the right of free speech. “If U. C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view  —   NO FEDERAL FUNDS?” Trump wrote on Twitter. Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” Sen. Al Franken ( ) said Attorney General Jeff Sessions should return and tell the Senate Judiciary Committee why he said something “that just wasn’t true,” regarding his meeting with the Russian ambassador.  Franken said, “I called for him to recuse himself before this incident. I hadn’t called for him to resign. But, he needs to answer some questions. For example, he said at his press conference, that if he had just thought about it for a moment, had taken his time, he would have said that he had met twice with the Russian ambassador. He had seven weeks to say that. He was testifying under oath to the American people. and, he said something that just wasn’t true. ” He added, “I would like to give him some benefit of the doubt. He needs to come back before the committee and explain this. It doesn’t make any sense. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN MSNBC’s Joy Reid said Saturday on “AM Joy” that President Donald Trump has an “affinity for all things Russia,” adding that he seems to “emulate Russian oligarchs. ”  “One of the sort of things about Donald Trump that people learned when he ran for president is that he does have this   kind of affinity for all things Russia,” Reid stated. “He’s done a lot of business there, his son bragged about a lot of their business coming from Russia, a lot of their condos were bought by either Russian LLCs or Russian humans, his $90 million sale of a house in Florida  —   but there is this sense in which he kind of seems to at least admire, if not emulate, Russian oligarchs. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent MILO has released a new teaser trailer for his   return to the spotlight.[  The trailer for MILO’s triumphant return is simply titled “MILO IS COMING,” and features a compilation of video clips, showing news pundits and media figures discussing the Dangerous Faggot in tones of fear and outrage. “Milo Yiannopoulos has called feminism a cancer,” says one newsreader, visibly shocked by the comments. Other media figures in the clip go on to call MILO a list of buzzwords such as “hateful,” “misogynistic,” “racist,” and “white supremacist. ” The video cuts to black and a stern British accent is heard “enough is enough,” states MILO, “if you’re out there thinking that you can close down someone’s speech just because you don’t agree with their ideas, be warned, I’m coming for you. ” Watch the full clip below in preparation for CINCO DE MILO on   .  Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council, recapped with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow the recent March for Life and discussed future   legislation under President Trump. [In terms of the larger picture, Perkins said, “this is about the American people. ” If Trump “holds his ground,” he added, “I do think we will see a shifting of the power back to the American people and away from Hollywood and the media. ”  Perkins pointed out that it was the average American’s frustration with media and   elite culture that ultimately fueled Trump’s election in November. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  Intel CEO Bryan Krzanich met with President Donald Trump on Wednesday, promising to invest $7 billion into an Arizona factory and creating 3, 000   jobs. [“Intel is very proud of the fact that a majority of our manufacturing is here in the US, and the majority of or research and development is here in the US, while over 80 percent of what we sell is sold outside of the US,” Krzanich said according to the White House press pool.  Trump and Krzanich met in the Oval Office and made remarks to the White House reporters after the meeting. Krzanich said that the factory would support about 10, 000 people in the Arizona area, creating a boost to the economy. The factory will produce “nanometer chips” according to Krzanich. Trump said that the new investment was ”a great thing for Arizona. ” “We’re very happy and I can tell you the people of Arizona are very happy,” he said. Sunday on “The Cats Roundtable” on New York AM 970 radio, former Gov. Jeb Bush ( ) told host host John Catsimatidis “leadership” from President Donald Trump would be “helpful” to get Republicans to unite behind a common agenda.  Bush said, “We haven’t come up with a compelling, unifying agenda that can replace that. And that’s where you see the struggles in Washington right now. The healthcare debacle is a good example of that. And presidential leadership would be helpful here. There’s a lot that could be done that I think has   support. ” He added, “If he could focus on these positive things, our brand then could be solidified, I think. Being against what the other guys are for is not a sustainable political position ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN ROME (AP)  —   Police in Greece have arrested three Pakistani nationals for holding hostage 16 migrants without authorization to be in the country and demanding money for their release.    On Monday’s “CBS This Morning,” former Clinton Campaign Manager Robby Mook stated that Russia “could have been the reason,” Clinton lost the 2016 election.  Mook was asked whether he believed Russian hacking caused Clinton’s loss. He answered, “I think it could have. This is the key, no campaign manager, no campaign manager, no candidate should ever sit at a table likes this on a news program and say, ‘I don’t know. The Russians might have been the reason we lost the election.’ It’s not important whether they were or not. What’s important is that it could have been the reason, and that should never happen again. ” (  Mediaite) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett U. S. military releases video of Tomahawk missile launched by Navy warships in the Mediterranean. https:  .  pic. twitter.  The Pentagon released video of the US firing Tomahawk missiles into Syria from Navy warships stationed in the Mediterranean Sea.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Friday on ESPN’s “SportsCenter: Coast to Coast,” ESPN Radio   Peter Rosenberg said the fact that quarterback Colin Kaepernick remains unsigned in the NFL is “shameful and embarrassing for the league as a whole. ”  “[T]he bottom line is Colin Kaepernick is not getting a job in this league, not because of the kind of player that he is, but because of his political stance and because of the fact teams don’t want to stand next to him,” Rosenberg told host Cari Champion. “I think it is shameful and embarrassing for the league as a whole. ” He later added, “This guy is working hard to be in this league and won’t get an opportunity, and we have to talk about why that is. And the fact is teams are scared of the backlash they will get if they sign Colin Kaepernick and I think that is shameful and disappointing. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” while discussing the Republican plan to repeal and replace Obamacare Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) warned GOP House members “Do not walk the plank and vote for a bill that cannot pass the Senate and then have to face the consequences of that vote. ”  He added, “The bill probably can be fixed, but it’s going to take a lot of carpentry on that framework. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Thursday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Senator Angus King ( ) argued that Russian interference in the 2016 election is “the most serious attack on the United States since September 11th,” and that Attorney General Jeff Sessions “doesn’t seem very interested in it. ”  King said, “The other thing that was troubling though, that didn’t get as much publicity, I asked him [Sessions] did you ever get a briefing on the  —   what the Russians did? Did you seek a briefing? Did you ask about it? And he said, no, I only know what I read in the papers. This is the most serious attack on the United States since September 11th, and the chief law enforcement officer doesn’t seem very interested in it. ” (  Daily Caller) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett New England Patriots coach Bill Belichick sat down for an interview that aired Thursday with CNBC’s Suzy Welch and finally shared his thoughts on “ ” in a game of word association.  Welch asked Belichick for the word he associates with “” and the coach responded “ridiculous. ” The NFL suspended Belichick’s   quarterback Tom Brady for four games in 2016 over the suspicion of deflated footballs from the 2015 AFC Championship Game against the Indianapolis Colts. Welch also asked Belichick for his thoughts on winning. “The goal,” he replied. “There’s no medals for trying. This isn’t like eighth grade where everybody gets a trophy. We’re in a professional sport and it’s competitive to win. That’s what we do. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent NFL Hall of Fame running back Jim Brown does not believe   Donald Trump to be an “illegitimate president. ”  He said Monday on Fox Business Network’s “Varney  Co. ” that Trump won the election “fair and square,” and he will be supporting Trump even though he backed Hillary Clinton for president. “[Trump] won, in my opinion, fair and square, and I’m going to support him as president of the United States,” Brown told host Stuart Varney. He also said in the interview, “When you win against all odds and you defeat those who are against you  —   and I was for Hillary so I’m one of those who Mr. Trump defeated  —   but he is the   of the United States, I’m a citizen. I’m not asking him to do everything. I’m going to pitch in and do some of the things that I can do with the   people that I represent. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent On Sunday’s New York AM 970 radio’s “The Cats Roundtable,” Democratic pollster Doug Schoen reacted to former FBI Director James Comey’s testimony last week before the Senate Intelligence Committee.  Although Schoen told host John Catsimatidis that does not think Comey leaking memos is illegal, he did say it “smells to high heaven. ” “It’s perfectly clear that he did leak,” Schoen stated. “I am not sure what he did was illegal, I’m not sure it was inappropriate, but from a public relations point of view, it smells to high heaven. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent FBI Dir. James Comey: ’It makes me mildly nauseous to think that we might have had some impact on the election.” https:  .  pic. twitter.  Wednesday at the Senate Judiciary Committee oversight hearing, FBI Director James Comey said while he would have still announced a new investigation into   presidential nominee Hillary Clinton days before the election, it made him “mildly nauseous” to think that he might have had some impact on the election results.  Comey said, “Look, this is terrible. It makes me mildly nauseous to think that we might have had some impact on the election, but honestly, it wouldn’t change the decision. ” He added,”This has been one of the world’s most painful experiences. I would make the same decision. I would not conceal that on October 28 from the Congress. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” discussing FBI director James Comey testimony last week and the investigations into Russia’s role in the 2016 presidential election, Sen. Mike Lee ( ) said there was not a “scintilla” of evidence that President Donald Trump colluded with the Russians or obstructed justice.  Lee said, “Look, in this circumstance, if he’s got evidence of collusion bring it forward. If he’s got evidence of corruption, of obstruction, bring it forward. I have yet to see anything even a scintilla and so it’s time to wrap this up and time to move on. I don’t see any evidence of anything happening here and it is a result I think it’s time to move forward. ” He added, “I don’t see that that amounts to obstruction. I don’t see any evidence of intent to obstruct. I don’t see any indication that there was even the potential for corruption here or for obstruction of justice. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The Associated Press claimed on Friday that the Trump Administration was considering using 100, 000 national guard troops as immigration officers to round up illegal aliens. Betsy Woodruff details in her article for the Daily Beast that the AP was “absolutely incorrect. ”  From the Daily Beast: The Department of Homeland Security is roundly condemning an Associated Press story that broke Friday morning about considering the use of the National Guard to “round up” undocumented immigrants. The DHS says that isn’t true, and —  contra the AP’s reporting —  that DHS Secretary John Kelly didn’t write the draft memo. “The Department is not considering mobilizing the National Guard,” said Gillian Christensen, the acting press secretary for DHS. A DHS official told The Daily Beast that the memo the AP cited was an early,   draft, that Kelly never approved it, and that the department as a whole never seriously considered it. You can read the rest of the story here. .@janicemin attended   @BarackObama event, tells @ErinBurnett the fmr president mentioned #Trump only once https:  .  On Friday’s broadcast of CNN’s “OutFront,” former Hollywood Reporter Editor Janice Min, who attended a private gathering with former President Obama on Thursday, stated that Obama argued Ann Coulter should be allowed to speak at  .  Min reported, “Doris Kearns Goodwin asked him about his views on the First Amendment, and he said, listen, I think that things that are going on right now, on college campuses can be crazy. They’re a little extreme. He said, Ann Coulter, at Berkeley, she should be allowed to speak. That’s ridiculous. Of course she should be allowed to speak. ” (  The Right Scoop) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett After snagging a Best Actor Oscar for Manchester by the Sea, actor and animal activist Casey Affleck is set to be the voice of an animatronic bear in an upcoming People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) protest. [The Hollywood  ’s voice will be heard coming out of a    animatronic bear as part of PETA’s planned march outside the Agriculture Department in Washington, D. C. on Tuesday.  The protest is meant to draw attention to the mistreatment of bears held in captivity and in   shows, and is part of PETA’s effort to pressure the Agriculture Department to expand protection for bears under the Animal Welfare Act. Bears shouldn’t be used for “cruel tourist traps,” Affleck said, according to the Associated Press. Days before Affleck took home the top prize at last month’s Oscars, he starred in a PSA video for PETA in which he railed against circus animal abuse.  Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Sen. Cory Booker ( ) said President Donald Trump was creating a “toxic environment” of  “increased fear in our country. ”  Booker said, “This is the problem, I don’t care what party you are in right now, recognize this, we are at a time of increased fear in our country. ” He added, “There is something seriously wrong when mendacity has become the norm. There is something seriously wrong when   citizens are afraid to leave their homes. There is something seriously wrong when hate crimes are surging. There is something seriously wrong when this is a toxic environment being created right now. And I don’t care who you are, if you consider yourself a leader, you have an obligation to stand up and do something about it and lead with love and not appealing to people’s darker angels or exploiting that fear. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN CNN anchor Jake Tapper reacted to chief strategist and senior counselor Steve Bannon’s statement that “The media should be embarrassed and humiliated and keep its mouth shut and just listen for awhile,” with “Ha, no. ”  Tapper said, “A reminder that the president’s top aide just told the New York Times that the press should keep its mouth shut. Ha, no. ” (  Mediaite) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo NEW YORK (AP)  —   Many people have heard of Twitter. Not enough of them are signing up to use it. [advertisement CNBC reports:  In the first visit to Singapore by an Israeli head of state in 30 years, Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Monday issued a call for greater diversity and tolerance. [Netanyahu gave a roughly   speech to Jewish community members gathered at the tightly guarded Maghain Aboth Synagogue, built in Singapore in the late 1800s. Netanyahu spoke of his recent visits to   countries Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan, noting that he visited a synagogue in the latter.  “Jewish children in Kazakhstan were singing Hebrew songs as they sang here, in a Muslim state and that reflects the kind of world we like to see: a world of tolerance, a world of diversity as opposed to the world that is being challenged today by the forces of barbarism and intolerance,” he said. “This is a battle for the future of humanity. ” Read more here. On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” President Trump’s top aide Kellyanne Conway defended chief strategist to President Trump Stephen K. Bannon.  While discussing Bannon’s statement that regarding the media and that it “should be embarrassed and humiliated and keep its mouth shut and just listen for awhile,” Conway said, “What my colleague Steve Bannon is saying is why don’t you talk less and go listen to America more. ” She added, “The media failed to learn America. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox New Sunday,” host Chris Wallace got into a long and heated exchange with White House chief of staff Reince Priebus over President Donald Trump‘s tweet labeling the press an “enemy” of the American people.  After several minutes of back and forth arguing over the media’s coverage of the Trump administration, Wallace said, “You don’t get to tell us what to do Reince. You don’t get to tell us what to do any more than Barack Obama did. Barack Obama whined about Fox News all the time, but I got to say, he never said we were an enemy of the people. ” Later in the segment, Priebus said, “I don’t know why you are going bananas. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Anchor @ChrisCuomo: ”There is something wrong with him [Trump] attacking a free press” https:  .  Monday on CNN’s “New Day,” host Chris Cuomo opined about President Donald Trump’s willingness to attack a “free press” in his public appearances.  Cuomo acknowledged he was within his right to do so, but said given it is the role of the media to hold him accountable, there was something wrong with him criticizing the press. “There is a good chance the president of the United States is watching us right now,” Cuomo said. “He watches this show. He monitors the media. He criticizes it. All of that is within his right. But with power comes accountability. And there is something wrong with him attacking a free press. There is something wrong with him wanting to change the libel laws. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor The Oval Office was redecorated with gold drapes just in time for President Trump’s arrival at the White House Friday. [The drapes were a change from the crimson drapes former President Obama had in his Oval Office, the Hill reported.  The change was first spotted as Trump signed executive orders on Obamacare and other things as his initial major acts as President. The couches and other furniture seemed to be different, but the Resolute Desk, which has been in place for decades, remained, ABC News reported. Trump also returned a bust of former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill to the Oval Office. Obama had removed it to make room for a bust of civil rights activist Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Trump also displays the MLK bust in his office it sits on a small wooden desk. Most presidents use furnishings already in the White House collection to decorate the Oval Office, according to the White House Historical Association. Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” while commenting on a report form The Washington Post that Russian officials were celebrating the victory of   Donald Trump, Sen. John McCain ( ) said it was obvious the Russian government wanted the outcome to be what it was.  McCain said, “I think you can only draw the conclusion that if they were celebrating that they obviously wanted the outcome to be what it was. And then the question is is what did they do to try to achieve that outcome? And it’s pretty obvious that they were heavily engaged  —   and we need to come to grips with it and get to the bottom of it and overall, come up with a strategy in this new form of warfare that can basically dismantle  —   harm our economy, harm our elections and harm our national security. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Former President Bill Clinton and wife Hillary Clinton will attend   Donald Trump’s inauguration, according to several reports citing aides close to the Clintons. [New York magazine cited “  sources” to the Clintons saying they “decided to do so out of a sense of duty and respect for the American democratic process. ”  Former President George W. Bush and his wife Laura Bush will also attend the inauguration. In a statement, the Bushes said they were “pleased to be able to witness the peaceful transfer of power  —   a hallmark of American democracy” by attending the ceremony in Washington, D. C. During Thursday’s “The Bernie and Sid Show” on New York’s WABC Radio, legendary NFL coach and player Mike Ditka slammed former President Barack Obama, saying he lacked leadership.  “If [Trump] can possibly screw it up half as much as Obama, I’ll be surprised,” Ditka said. He added, “No leadership at all. None. Zero. Ditka went on to weigh in on San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick’s national anthem protest, calling him “unintelligent” for disrespecting the game that made him a public figure. “He doesn’t play for me ever again. Period,” Ditka said if one of his players knees for the national anthem. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent On Tuesday’s “Good Morning America,”   George Stephanopoulos and ABC Chief Global Affairs Correspondent Martha Raddatz stated that the attack in Manchester could lead to   backlash.  Stephanapolous said that while people are determined to go back to their normal lives, “this is also likely to inflame   sentiment across Britain, across Europe. ” Raddatz responded, “It sure could, George. You know, Manchester itself is a very multicultural city. There’s a large Muslim population, with many there for generations. So, a headscarf attracts little attention there. And notably, Manchester did not vote in favor of Brexit, but an attack like this, as you said, is much bigger than Manchester itself, and will likely create backlash depending, of course, on the details of this attack, George. ” (  WFB) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett On Saturday, Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekial Elliott was caught on camera at a Dallas St. Patrick’s Day parade exposing a woman’s breast.  The woman was interacting with paradegoers and pointing at her chest when the running back reached over and pulled her shirt down. TMZ Sports reported that, according to Elliott’s representative, the woman is not upset with Elliott over the incident, and hung out with him and a group of friends shortly after the incident. The incident is not a good look for Elliott because he is currently under investigation for domestic violence allegations made against him last year. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Is Warren going to run for Pres.? She tells @SavannahGuthrie ”no” then @MLauer reads ”she persisted” quote and. .. pic. twitter.  Tuesday on NBC’s “Today,” in an appearance to promote her book “This Fight Is Our Fight: The Battle to Save America’s Middle Class,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) dismissed the suggestion her book tour was part of an effort to set the stage for a 2020 bid for the White House.  “This  —   no,” she replied to “Today”   Savannah Guthrie. “This is not what I’m doing. This is my 11th book. My life’s work is about what’s happening to working families across this country. ” She maintained her focus was on winning reelection for her U. S. Senate seat. “I am running in 2018 for senator from Massachusetts,” she added. “I am deeply blessed that the people of the commonwealth sent me to Washington to fight for them. And that’s what I’ll keep on doing. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor BERLIN (AP)  —   Thousands of people have joined rallies across Germany and other European countries to show their support for the idea of a united Europe. [The weekly protests began last year as an attempt to counter growing nationalist sentiment on the continent, often expressed in opposition to the European Union.  #pulseofeurope Now almost 6000 Berliners  many more pro Europeans in  over 40 cities are now singing the Ode to Joy pic. twitter.   —   Funk (@funk67) March 12, 2017,  Protesters in Berlin, Frankfurt, Cologne and dozens of other locations danced, sang and waved the EU flag  —   12 stars on a blue background  —   during the rallies Sunday. The protests are organized on social media by a group calling itself Pulse of Europe . The group says it isn’t tied to any particular political party. Thousands are braving cold wind and rain at #pulseofeurope demo in Berlin. Pro Europe, anti populists. pic. twitter.   —   Wenzel Michalski (@WenzelMichalski) March 19, 2017,  WASHINGTON (AP)  —   National Public Radio commentator Frank Deford has bid listeners goodbye after 37 years of discussing sports on the network. [Deford gave his 1, 656th and final commentary on NPR’s “Morning Edition” Wednesday, ending a run of what he calls “little homilies” that began in 1980. He thanked NPR for allowing him to choose his topics and allowing him “to treat sports seriously, as another branch on the tree of culture. ”  The    remains a contributing writer at Sports Illustrated, where he got his start in 1962. Deford has also served as a correspondent on HBO’s “Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel” since 1995. Deford received the National Humanities Medal from President Barack Obama in 2013 for “transforming how we think about sports. ” Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said to take President Donald Trump seriously when he tweeted the media is the “enemy of the American people. ”  Priebus said, “Well, I think you should take it seriously. I think that the problem we’ve got is that we’re talking about bogus stories like the one in The New York Times, that we’ve had constant contact with Russian officials. The next day, The Wall Street Journal had a story that the intel community was not giving the president a full intelligence briefing. Both stories grossly inaccurate, overstated, overblown, and it’s total garbage. ” He added, “I do think it’s a problem. And I think that the media needs to, in some cases  —   not every case, John  —   but in some cases really needs to get its act together. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Monday in Washington, DC at the CARE National Conference, former first daughter Chelsea Clinton declared the public has to recognize that sexism, racism, Islamophobia, homophobia and jingoism were not “opinions. ”  Clinton said, “We also have to recognize particularly at this moment that sexism is not an opinion. Islamophobia is not an opinion. Racism is not an opinion.  Homophobia is not an opinion.  Jingoism is not an opinion. So I think that in our posture of listening also have to get comfortable with standing up and speaking out because I also agree that those of us that have been blessed and by definition all of us on the stage today have been blessed there is a responsibility with giving voice to the voiceless but also using our own voices. ” (  Grabien) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN NEW YORK (AFP)  —    Five tombstones were overturned in an historic Jewish cemetery in Brooklyn, the latest in a spate of apparently   incidents across the United States, media reports said Sunday. [CNN reported that the act of vandalism at Washington Cemetery in Brooklyn and was being investigated by a   task force of the New York City Police Department.  In recent weeks, there have been scores of bomb threats against US Jewish organizations and at least three other Jewish cemeteries have been desecrated. The   League, a national civil rights group dedicated to the fight against   said last week there have been 121 threats against Jewish schools and civic groups in the US since January 1, labeling the surge an “epidemic. ” President Barack Obama interrupted the White House press briefing Tuesday to praise Press Secretary Josh Earnest for his years of service. [Obama said Earnest had an “all American” look and a face “made for television,” and the outgoing president lauded Earnest’s “smarts” and his “maturity. ”  The president pointed out that Earnest had “never disappointed” during his time in the White House. “He was tough and he didn’t always give you guys everything you wanted, but he was always prepared. He was always courteous,” Obama said. Obama didn’t mention previous press secretaries Robert Gibbs or Jay Carney, but appeared to spend more time praising Earnest’s character. “This guy ranks as high as just about anybody that I’ve worked with,” Obama said. “He is not only a great press secretary but more importantly, he is a really, really good man, and I’m really, really proud of him. ” Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “Tucker Carlson Tonight,” host Tucker Carlson took on USA Today editorial page editor David Mastio for an editorial that appeared in Monday’s edition of USA Today headlined “What Bannon shares with ISIL leader,” referring to White House chief strategist Steve Bannon and ISIS leader Abu Bakr  .  After rattling off some of the atrocities committed by ISIS under   including beheading journalists, use of chemical weapons, employment of child soldiers, mass execution of Christians and declaration of a caliphate, Carlson pushed back against the characterization of Bannon. However, Mastio doubled down and insisted the visions of the two, which was a war underway between Islam and the West, were similar. “We’re at war with a psychotic death cult, a fringe of the Islamic world,” Mastio said. “Bannon agrees with Baghdadi that it is a war between Islam and the West. We don’t need to give Baghdadi that propaganda victory. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor During the Saturday “AM Joy” broadcast on MSNBC, MSNBC contributor Toure said    crime is not the biggest issue for black Americans at this time.  Instead, Toure suggested the war on drugs, wealth inequality, public schooling and police violence are bigger issues for the black community. “This attack on    crime in Chicago  —   this is not the prime thing that black America needs dealt with” Toure told host Joy Reid. “We need the war on drugs dealt with, we need the wealth inequality dealt with, we need public schooling better, we need policing violence dealt with better. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  Thanks for everything cowboy nation. @candiceromo, A post shared by Tony Romo (@tony. romo) on Mar 9, 2017 at 12:56pm PST, With the Dallas Cowboys set to part ways with quarterback Tony Romo, either via trade or release, the    posted a goodbye video on his Instagram page with Bob Dylan’s “The Times They Are  ” playing in the background.  “I just wanted to come to tell you it’s been a crazy 48 hours here,” Romo says. “Me and my family felt the outpouring of support and love from all of you. It’s been overwhelming and it doesn’t go unnoticed. I wanted to say thank you and we have a lot to think about here going forward. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Saturday, on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” MSNBC political analyst Joan Walsh accused White House adviser Ivanka Trump of applauding “cruelty” when her father, President Donald Trump, “was celebrating “taking health care away from women. ”  “[Ivanka Trump] did stand and clap when her father was having a little party to celebrate taking health care away from women. And she has not pushed for parental leave, even in her capacity as a top White House adviser with security clearance,” Walsh told host Joy Reid. “[S]he really wants to have this appearance of being a force for good, and, yet, she’s accomplished nothing, and she applauds cruelty. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent President Donald Trump said Democrats were “phony hypocrites” after protesting his decision to fire FBI Director James Comey. [“Dems have been complaining for months  months about Dir. Comey,” the president wrote on Twitter. “Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. “Phony hypocrites!”  Trump’s response helped conclude the White House reaction to the hysteria from Democrats after Comey’s firing and calling for an independent investigation into Russia. Earlier in the day, leftists outside the White House protested Trump’s decision to remove Comey. White House Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said during the press briefing that the administration was anxious for the investigation’s completion. “We encourage them to complete this investigation so we can put it behind us and we can continue to see exactly what we’ve been saying for nearly a year: There’s no evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia,” she said. The CEO of Squatty Potty, Bobby Edwards, discussed his decision to pull his company’s ads featuring Kathy Griffin after the release of a photo of Griffin holding a faux bloody decapitated head of President Donald Trump. [Said Edwards, “My heart fell into my stomach,” when he saw the image. “I was totally disappointed and heartbroken and I thought this campaign   …     we have to kill it. We cannot have her with this image  …    . ”  Edwards said his product is for everyone and he doesn’t want to alienate anyone. “When you see an image like that that’s so divisive and so disturbing, you don’t have a decision, really,” added Edwards. “It was the total disrespect for the office of the presidency and decorum and the way we conduct ourselves   …     it crossed the line and was very offensive, not only to me but to people I love. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN:  .@NancyPelosi on if she would have retired had @HillaryClinton been elected: ”I would have been gone by now if she had won.” pic. twitter.  While speaking with reporters on Friday, House Minority Leader Representative Nancy Pelosi stated of the 2016 presidential election, “I would have been gone by now if she had won. ”  Pelosi said that the Affordable Care Act is “a pillar” and that if Clinton was in office, she wouldn’t worry about the ACA going away. Pelosi continued that “we all knew” Clinton would win. She added that Trump winning “motivated me her to stay. ” And “I would have been gone by now if she had won. ” (  Politico) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett A toddler was shot in the head when her father took her on a drug deal in South Carolina. [The    was left in the back seat of a car while her father,    Tyrone Randolph, reportedly bought drugs in Santee Saturday, according to the Associated Press.  Randolph reportedly took his daughter to a home on Bonner Avenue so he could purchase illegal narcotics, and then got into a gun battle with the dealer, during which the child was hit in the head by a stray bullet, WCCB reported. Investigators say she was taken to Palmetto Health Richland Hospital in Columbia, where she is now out of intensive care. Randolph is charged with unlawful neglect of a child, a charge that carries a prison sentence of up to ten years. A bond hearing was scheduled for Randolph Sunday morning at the   Regional Detention Center, but bond was not set, WIS reported. This week on “The Tom Joyner Morning Show,” MSNBC host Al Sharpton said Vice President Mike Pence was a “true believer in   stuff” and a “true enemy” of civil rights.  When asked if President Donald Trump is impeached would a President Pence worry him, Sharpton said, “Very worried. Pence is a true believer in   stuff, a true enemy, in my opinion, of a lot of civil rights measures from what he showed as governor of Indiana. And he has a more dignified, presentable persona. He will be more difficult to beat. Pence is not a better option than Trump. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Posters calling on Donald Trump to “Deport Fat People” have appeared at the campus of CU Boulder where MILO is scheduled to appear tonight.[  Another poster urged fat people to “please stop eating. ” Flyers initially appeared alongside the posters advertising MILO’s event at CU Boulder today, calling the Dangerous Faggot a Nazi and stating that “It’s always OK to punch a Nazi. ” A photograph of the poster, reportedly placed there by protesters that plan to attempt to stop MILO’s event tonight, can be seen below.    MILO’s event at the college is set to take place tonight at 9PM EST where he will be delivering a speech titled, “Why Ugly People Hate Me. ” The event will be available to watch here. During MSNBC’s Inauguration coverage, anchor Chris Matthews stated he phrase “America first” has a “Hitlerian background to it,” and Donald Trump’s Inaugural Address was what Putin has been saying.  Matthews said, “I’m thinking, when he said today, America first, it was not just the racial,  —   I mean, the  —   I shouldn’t say racial, the Hitlerian background to it, but it was the message. I kept thinking, what does Theresa May think of this, this morning, when she picks up the papers?   …     What if you’re Putin? You’re probably pounding the table, saying, that’s what I’ve been saying, Russia first, Russia first. This whole bullying message to him. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett The Algemeiner reports:  American Jewish actress Mayim Bialik published on Wednesday a refutation of   activist Linda Sarsour’s recently made claim that one cannot be a Zionist feminist. [“Zionism is the belief in the right of the Jewish people to have an autonomous state in Israel,” Bialik  —   a star in the CBS comedy series “The Big Bang Theory” and a distant relative of the late famous Hebrew poet Hayim Nahman Bialik  —   wrote on her GrokNation website. “I am a Zionist. Feminism is the belief that a   movement can bring about race, class and gender equality and that women deserve all of the rights and privileges afforded to men. I am a feminist. ”  She continued: “There are Zionists who are critical of certain Israeli policies and those who are not there are Zionists who are   and there are Zionists who are   and there are Zionists who fall between these extremes. The definitions of Zionism and feminism are not in conflict with each other. At all. ” Read more here. The Times of Israel reports: Following insistent Palestinian denials that US President Donald Trump shouted at Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas about Palestinian incitement against Israel during their meeting last week, Abbas has conceded  —   in Arabic  —   that the story is true, according to a report by the   Qatari news site    . [Channel 2 News reported earlier this week that during their talks in Bethlehem last week, Trump yelled at Abbas and accused him of direct involvement in incitement against Israel. “You tricked me in DC! You talked there about your commitment to peace, but the Israelis showed me your involvement in incitement,” Trump was said to have shouted at a shocked Abbas.  The TV report said the outburst was followed by several minutes of stunned silence from the Palestinians, and that the meeting was very tense before the two sides managed to get back on track. Read more here. Friday on CNN’s “New Day,” billionaire businessman and “Shark Tank” star Mark Cuban said President Donald Trump was “political chemotherapy” for what the system.  Cuban said, “You have to ask why do they support him and I think we’re coming to a greater understanding now. I call it political chemotherapy. One of my friends, who I always thought was really smart, I’m not saying he’s dumb,  but had a different viewpoint on why he voted for Trump. I didn’t expect him to vote for him. He said ‘Mark, I’ve voted for politicians my entire life.’ He’s in his 50s. ‘Do you know what the definition of insanity is? Doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results. So I voted for Donald Trump. Is he poisonous in a lot of respects? Yeah, this is out chemotherapy. We hope he’s going to change the political system.’ And if that’s the way you’re evaluating Donald Trump, he’s doing a phenomenal job. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN TONIGHT   @marthamaccallum interviews @VP Pence on #First100   Tune in at 7p ET on Fox News Channel! pic. twitter.  During a preview of an interview set to air on Wednesday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “The First 100 Days,” Vice President Mike Pence pushed back against assertions that the   on the National Security Council constituted a demotion of homeland security adviser Tom Bossert and chief strategist and former Breitbart News chairman Steve Bannon.  Pence said that neither Bannon and Bossert were demoted, and both are “highly valued members of this administration. They’re going to continue to play important policy roles. But I think with H. R. McMaster’s addition as our National Security Adviser, a man of extraordinary background in the military, this is just a natural evolution, to ensure the National Security Council is organized in a way that best serves the president in resolving and making those difficult decisions. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett,   Friday on ABC’s “The View,”   Joy Behar said President Donald Trump wanted budget cuts to the Department of Education because he seeks to make us “as dumb as he is. ”  Behar said, “Hello, and welcome to ‘The View.’ I’d like to wish a happy St. Patrick’s Day today to all of our Irish friends out there. And it is an honor of some of the first immigrants to come to this country, the Irish. They often on this day celebrate what they say the luck of the Irish. Of course, if you’re elderly, sick or poor, your luck as just run out. ” She continued,  “I can’t help it. It’s so horrific and so horrendous. Just when you thought it was safe to stop talking about Trump, he unleashes his budget on us. He wants to cut clean water. He wants to stop helping old people and public education so we can all be as dumb as he is!” (  Daily Caller) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Tuesday’s “MTP Daily,” Senator Joe Manchin ( ) stated that the commutation of Chelsea Manning is “dead wrong,” and giving “a green light to people basically, with all the hacking going on now, and all the cyber attacks we’ve got going on. ”  Manchin said, “I think it’s dead wrong, absolutely dead wrong. This is treason, espionage at the highest level. What the Private Manning done,  —   what Chelsea did is  —   absolutely found guilty, 35 year sentence  …    should basically serve that sentence out. You’re going to  —   we’re going to give a green light to people basically, with all the hacking going on now, and all the cyber attacks we’ve got going on. My goodness, you’ve got Snowden out there, and you’ve got Assange, you’ve got all these people, it’s just wrong. We’re not going to  —   I’m for one, not going to be supportive of these types of commutes whatsoever, or pardons. I think they’re wrong. ” (  Washington Free Beacon) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Nancy Pelosi: The Affordable Care Act ”has succeeded in every way” https:  .  #PelosiTownHall https:  .  During a town hall on CNN on Tuesday, House Minority Leader Representative Nancy Pelosi ( ) argued that Obamacare “has succeeded in every way. ”  Pelosi said the law had three purposes: “to increase coverage  —   to expand those who got healthcare, to improve benefits, and to lower costs. And it has succeeded in every way. ” She added that “Some of the costs are still going up because of the costs of prescription drugs,” but they’re increasing at a slower rate than at any time that this has been measured. Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Ynetnews reports: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu promised to strengthen the alliance between the US and Israel on Monday afternoon before taking off to Washington for his first meeting with President Donald Trump since he entered the White House in January. [Before his departure, Netanyahu offered a few words to the press. “I am now leaving for a meeting of the utmost importance in Washington. There, I will meet with US President Trump, Vice President Mike Pence, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and leaders of Congress and the Senate. ”  Commenting on the general   relationship, which was somewhat sullied during the Obama administration, Netanyahu maintained that “the alliance was always extremely strong,” adding with palpable optimism, that “it is about the get stronger. ” Read more here. Asking @PressSec questions in Apple Store since he doesn’t like the press.  https:  .  While shopping at an Apple Store, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer was asked whether he had committed treason and how he felt about working for a fascist.  In the video, which was posted on Saturday by Twitter account @shreec, Spicer is asked how it feels “to work for a fascist?” He is further asked, “Have you helped with the Russia stuff? Are you a criminal as well? Have you committed treason too, just like the president?   …     What can you tell me about Russia?” Spicer responded by saying “Thank you” and “such a great country that allows you to be here. ” Spicer then goes about his business in the store, ignoring questions about how he feels about working for a fascist, destroying the country, and lying to the public. (  The Hill) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett President Donald Trump recognized the death of Kurt Cochran, an American citizen that was killed in the terror attack in London on Wednesday. [“A great American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in the London terror attack,” Trump wrote on Twitter. “My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends. ”  Cochran and his wife were tourists, according to Breitbart London, and among the first people hit by the extremist’s vehicle as he drove into the crowd on Westminster Bridge. Cochran was killed, but his wife is recovering in the hospital. Vice President Mike Pence also expressed his condolences. On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time with Bill Maher,” host Bill Maher stated that President Trump “is mentally ill. ”  After former CNN host, winner of “Celebrity Apprentice” when Trump hosted the show and Dailymail. com    Piers Morgan denounced the “hysteria” over Trump where you get tarred and feathered “if you don’t say that Trump’s the new Hitler,” Maher stated, “But he is mentally ill. ” Morgan then said, “He’s not mentally ill. He’s the president of the United States. He won a free, democratic election. ” Maher responded, “You don’t think kings can be mentally ill?” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Tuesday on ABC’s “Good Morning America,” former House Speaker Newt Gingrich said Special Counsel Robert Mueller was hiring “bad people” for his investigating into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.  When asked if President Trump should fire Mueller Gingrich said, “I don’t think Trump should do anything, but the congressional Republicans ought to look into this. Mueller first four hires were all Democrats. One of them had worked for the Clinton Foundation, one of them had in two cases deliberately hid evidence from the defense, one of which was repudiated by   by the Supreme Court. These are bad people. ” Stephanopoulos said, “Bad people?” Gingrich added, “Bad people. I mean, these are people who are going to be after Trump  …    He did not hire a single Republican in the first wave. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN  British actor Hugh Laurie used his Golden Globes acceptance speech Sunday night to rip Republican lawmakers and   Donald Trump. [“Thank you, this is obviously a terrible ” said Laurie, who won Best Supporting Actor in a TV Series, Limited Series or TV Movie, for his role in The Night Manager. “Thank you first of all to the Hollywood Foreign Press Association for this amazing honor. Of course [it’s] more amazing because I’ll be able to say I won this at the last ever Golden Globes. ”  “I don’t mean to be gloomy, it’s just that it has the words ‘Hollywood,’ ‘Foreign,’ and ‘Press’ in the title,” the actor continued. “I also think to some Republicans even the word ‘association’ is sketchy. ” Just before he left the stage, the    House star took a veiled swipe at the  . “I accept this award on behalf of psychopathic billionaires everywhere,” Laurie said.    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson On the Monday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart    Alex Marlow will continue our discussion of President Trump’s first 100 days.  Matt Philbin, managing editor at the Media Research Center, will discuss the best and worst of the latest media coverage of Trump. Breitbart reporters will discuss Trump’s Florida rally over the weekend. Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   . Rep. Gregory Meeks ( ) claimed Saturday on MSNBC that President Donald Trump is using similar tactics as Russian President Vladimir Putin and former Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in attacks against the press.  “When we look at the threats that number 45 continues to give to the press, seeming as though he wants to be Mr. Putin himself because those are the same tactics that Mr. Putin and a lot of my Republican colleagues have gone against,” Meeks explained. “When you think about Hugo Chavez or Viktor Orban of Hungary, those are individuals who shunned the press. And it seems as though Donald Trump wants to move in that same direction. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent The Trump Administration may put off any major infrastructure plan until 2018, Axios’ Jonathan Swan reports. With fiscal fights, Obamacare repeal legislation, and a Supreme Court nomination all on the horizon, Capitol Hill’s agenda is crammed. Pushing off consideration of Trump’s infrastructure plan will both give “Republican lawmakers more breathing room amid a crowd of issues,” and strategically time the debate for when midterm elections heat up. [From Axios:  For the rest of the article, click here. Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “Shepard Smith Reporting,” host Shep Smith rallied to the defense of his CNN colleague Jim Acosta after   Donald Trump called out Acosta’s organization personally for being fake news following a report about Trump’s involvement with Russia.  “[C]NN’s exclusive reporting on the Russian matter was separate and distinctly different from the document dump executed by an online news property,” Smith said. “Though we at Fox News cannot confirm CNN’s report, it is our observation that its correspondents followed journalistic standards and that neither they nor any other journalists should be subjected to belittling or delegitimizing by the   of the United States. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Tuesday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” while commenting on Monday’s House Intelligence Committee hearing on Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, Rep. Trey Gowdy ( ) said he was troubled that FBI Director James Comey would not confirm there is an investigation into leaks of classified information.  Gowdy said, “I think the most troubling part for me was when Director Comey would not assure us that there’s a leak investigation. He was more than happy to assure us that there’s an investigation into the potential ties between the Trump campaign and Russia, which may or may not be a crime. Leaking classified information is a crime, but he would not confirm that investigation. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Fox News Channel’s “Sunday Morning Futures,” House Freedom Caucus Member Sen. Louie Gohmert ( ) urged President Donald Trump to work with the freedom caucus instead of establishment Republican leaders like House Speaker Paul Ryan and White House chief of staff Reince Priebus.  Gohmert explained how Trump and the Freedom Caucus came to agreement on two separate occasions during the Obamacare replacement negotiations, but establishment Republicans rejected them. “The president’s administration will either succeed or fail over the next 30 days,” Gohmert stated. “He can work with people that got him there that defended him when others like Ryan and the establishment were running scared, or he can work with us to help him fulfill his promises. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Friday, on CNN’s “Inside Politics,” the Atlantic’s Molly Ball reacted to House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi’s ( ) prediction that the House’s passage of the revised version of the American Health Care Act (AHCA) could help Democrats take back the majority in the House by saying Pelosi has a history of incorrect predictions on House control.  Ball said, “We also, I don’t think, should ever take Nancy Pelosi’s word for what’s going to happen in the House, because I recall she predicted Democrats were going to take back the House in 2012, in 2014, and in 2016, so she always makes that prediction. ” (  NTK) Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN,   A Connecticut man wore a   that reads, “Hold My Beer and Watch This” in his mugshot after he was arrested for allegedly driving under the influence (DUI) early Monday morning. [Harrison Wootton, 25, of Woodstock, was allegedly driving under the influence when he crashed his car into a wall on Wilson Road off Route 21 at about 1:20 a. m. the Hartford Courant reported.  State troopers who responded to the crash discovered that he was driving an unregistered and uninsured vehicle. The car’s license plates were registered to another vehicle. Wootton told police that he had a beer and a vodka an hour before the crash, NBC Connecticut reported. Wootton was released on $500 bond and has a court appearance scheduled for April 20. This is not the first time someone has been in the news for wearing a shirt promoting alcohol in a mugshot after a DUI arrest. A Pennsylvania man sported a “Drunk Lives Matter”   in his mugshot after authorities arrested him for DUI in March. ”I remember who the people are there when the tough times are there and he did that for me.”   Kraft on his friendship with Pres Trump pic. twitter.  Friday while discussing his relationship with President Donald Trump, New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft said the president intends to create a “vibrant economy to get jobs going again” in America.  “I think that his intent is to also to do things that can help the business environment in America, which to me, the people hurting most are working class and poor people. We need a vibrant economy to get jobs going again,” Kraft said on “Fox  Friends. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent French citizens are queuing to cast their ballot at the French embassy, London, as the rest of the French nation goes to the polls Sunday. [French voters living in London is an important demographic in French elections, with an estimated 300, 000 citizens living in Britain’s capital. It is often reported and has even been claimed by London’s former mayor Boris Johnson that the sheer number of French living in London makes it France’s sixth largest city.  London’s Evening Standard reports of the French citizens in London, 100, 000 are registered to vote. The tens of thousands expected to vote at the French embassy in Kensington today have been met by a high presence of armed British police officers, with the Metropolitan Police command perhaps wary of the high concentration people outside the embassy following the recent Westminster terror attack. All pictures by Rachel Megawhat   Breitbart London,     Sec. Mattis on what keeps him awake at night pic. twitter.  Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” Secretary of Defense James Mattis was asked what keeps him up at night.  Mattis replied, “Nothing, I keep other people awake at night. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Thursday on ABC’s The View,”   Whoopi Goldberg said President Donald Trump firing of FBI Director James Comey felt “like a coup. ”  Goldberg said, “Does this feel like a coup to anybody? It feels like a coup. First, the whole Justice Department got, everybody got gutted, all the things got gutted. It just feels  —  and he got all the generals  —   it feels kind of coupy. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time with Bill Maher,” MoveOn. org Senior Advisor and National Spokeperson Karine   argued that “if you are not white, male, straight,” you “fear” a Trump presidency.    said, “I think the thing to understand is that, if you are not white, male, straight, you are  —   you fear a  —   Donald Trump’s presidency because there is no place for you in a Donald Trump’s presidency. ” She added, “He ran the most   campaign that we have ever seen. He talked about Mexicans, calling them rapists and criminals. He talked about Muslim ban, and it is fearful for all of us. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett,   The Seattle Police Department has recovered “wooden poles, heavy pipes, and shields” from   protesters, amidst   and   protests taking place in the city. [The Seattle Police Department posted a photograph of several of the recovered items to their Facebook account on Friday evening. They were recovered from protesters in Westlake Park.  Unrest erupted in Seattle on Friday evening partially in response to the inauguration of President Donald Trump. Large crowds of protesters are also gathering at the University of Washington, where an event with Breitbart editor MILO is taking place. Anarchist protesters carried baseball bats and sharpened sticks with them before they were confiscated by law enforcement in the streets of Seattle. As a result of the chaos, MILO’s event has been postponed by 45 minutes. Friday on ABC’s “The View,” the panel discussed the possibility of Ted Nugent, Kid Rock and Sarah Palin visit to the White House earlier this week being “the saddest day in the history of the White House since the British burned it to the ground in 1814?”    Joy Behar asked, “So, is this the saddest day in the history of the White House since the British burned it to the ground in 1814?”   Sunny Hostin said, “I think so. I think what was offensive to me was that Sarah Palin said she brought them because Jesus wasn’t available, so she’s comparing these folks to Jesus. ” Behar sarcastically added, “Oh, but they’re going to make America great again, these three. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The Times of Israel reports: US Defense Secretary James Mattis on Friday said Iran is sticking to the terms of the nuclear deal, adding that the 2015 agreement between the Islamic Republic and world powers “still stands and that’s all I can say about it. ”[Speaking in Tel Aviv alongside his Israeli counterpart Avigdor Liberman, Mattis said the Iranians “appear to be living up to their part of the agreement. ” The nuclear deal “continues to be in force,” the Pentagon chief said,  However, he also warned “that in no way mitigates against or excuses the other Iranian activities in the region including the war in Yemen that grinds on and what they’re doing in Syria” to keep Syrian President Bashar Assad in power. “But the agreement on nuclear issues still stands and that’s all I can say about it,” he added. Read more here. Tuesday at the Senate Intelligence Committee hearing featuring testimony from Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Sen. Kamala Harris ( ) peppered Sessions with questions repeatedly cutting him off before he could answer.  Partial transcript as follows: HARRIS: To your knowledge, did you have any communication with any Russian businessmen or any Russian nationals? SESSIONS: I don’t believe I had any conversation with  —   HARRIS: Are you aware of  —   SESSIONS: I don’t believe I had any conversation with Russian businessmen or Russian nationals, although a lot of people were at the convention. It’s conceivable that  —   HARRIS: Sir, I have just a few  —   SESSIONS: Let me qualify. If I don’t qualify, you’ll accuse me of lying. I need to be correct as best I can. HARRIS: I do want you to be honest. SESSIONS: I’m not able to be rushed this fast. It makes me nervous. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Warsaw (AFP)  —   Fourteen men and women in their twenties on Friday slaughtered a sheep and took their clothes off at the former Nazi German death camp   according to the museum at the site in southern Poland.  #Auschwitz shuts down after nude protesters slaughter sheep, chain selves to ’Arbeit Macht Frei’ gatehttps:  .   —   Jack Mendel (@Mendelpol) March 24, 2017,  Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” incoming White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said   Donald Trump does not want to “meddle with Medicare or Social Security. ”  Priebus said, “I don’t think   Trump wants to meddle with Medicare or Social Security. He made a promise in the campaign that was something he didn’t want to do. But what he wants to do is grow the economy, help shore up Medicare and Social Security for future generations and if we can get create, five, six percent growth we will do that and explode the economy and bring jobs back and make trade more fair across the world, lower rates for everyone and I think hopefully get businesses going again so people can put more money in their pocket. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN During CNN’s coverage of Thursday’s AHCA vote, anchor Jake Tapper stated that Obamacare was sold to the American people in a manner that “was, in many ways, mendacious. ”  Tapper said, “[T]he way that this bill  —   the original bill, Obamacare, the American  —   the Affordable Health Care Act, the way that that was sold to the American people was, in many ways, mendacious. They were told, if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. If you like your plan, you can keep your plan. That’s not true. And it’s just empirically evident out there that, insurance companies are leaving Obamacare exchanges, leaving voters, consumers with fewer options, not greater options. ” (  GOP War Room) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett advertisement ”You can be nasty about it or you can listen to me” @mkhammer jabs at @ChrisCuomo in morning health care discussion https:  .  Things got a little heated Thursday on CNN’s “New Day. ”  In a debate about health care, host Chris Cuomo insulted network contributor Mary Katharine Ham by calling her “cheap. ” “[Y]ou can be nasty about it or you can listen to me,” Ham responded. “I am a person, single mom of two, who has lost three or four plans since Obamacare passed,” she added. “I was told I would not. That was a lie. When I said that I would lose my plan, people called me a liar when this was going on. I have had a 160 percent increase in my premiums. I was told those would go down, and I’ve had a 300 percent increase in my deductible. One of the ways you can fix that is by cutting some of these ‘essential health benefits’ because they are indeed not essential. ” (  Daily Caller) Follow Breitbart. tv on @BreitbartVideo The Algemeiner reports:  The Palestinian Authority must “stop its incitement to violence” and engage with Israel in “direct peace negotiations, rather than looking to the UN,” a top American diplomatic official said on Tuesday. [US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley made the statement after meeting with her Palestinian counterpart, Riyad Mansour  —   an encounter she described as “productive. ” “The US is committed to supporting a true peace process between Israel and the Palestinian Authority,” she said.  Last month, Haley received warm praise from the   community in both the US and abroad after taking the UN Security Council to task for its double standards when it comes to its treatment of the Jewish state. Read more here. Polls have closed for the second and final round of voting in the French 2017 presidential race. Join Breitbart London for the latest news and analysis of the vote, count, and aftermath. [The late stages have been hotly contested between former leader of the Front National, now independent   candidate Marine Le Pen, and En Marche! leader and key globalist figure Emmanuel Macron. In the past week the two candidates have gone    in a televised debate, and have toured the country seeking to drum up last minute support.  Preliminary results show Emmanuel Macron has won a convincing victory in the second round, and will be the next president on France. Follow the action as it unfolds with Breitbart London through Sunday evening into Monday morning.    Rep. Jody Hice ( ) spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Friday, discussing several topics, including President Trump’s Tuesday night address to Congress, calling it “outstanding. ”[“I think it’s the best joint session speech I’ve ever heard. He knocked it out of the park,” added Hice.  Hice also discussed this session’s legislative agenda and what looks like   on repealing Obamacare. “The problem is on Obamacare. Just to be very honest with you, I think very few people thought Trump would win. They were in defense mode, as to what are we going to do if Hillary wins this thing, and then when, fortunately, Trump won, everything started changing rapidly. ” Hice added that there are multiple plans to replace Obamacare, and he is confident it will get done. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  Wednesday in Ranchos Palos Verdes, CA at the annual Code Conference, former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said the media coverage of the investigation into her handling of classified emails turned into “the biggest ‘  ever. ”  Clinton said a factor in her losing the election to Donald Trump was that the media treated the email story like “Pearl Harbor. ” She said, “The overriding issue that affected the election that I had any control over  —   because I had no control over the Russians, too bad about that  —   was the way of the use of my email account was turned into the greatest scandal since Lord knows when. This was the biggest ‘ ’ ever. ” (  CNBC) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN This week’s “Saturday Night Live” host Alec Baldwin brought back his President Donald Trump role in a “People’s Court” parody suing the judges from the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals who ruled against President Trump’s temporary immigration ban.  “He claims that some phony judges are being very mean to him,” the narrator said of “Trump. ” “First of all, Mr. Trump, you understand this is a TV court, right,” the judge asked Baldwin. He replied, “That’s OK, I’m a TV president. ” The judge threw out Trump’s case, and accused him of “doing too much. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent The U. S. Army has been testing a   laser weapon that can destroy drones. [Researchers are testing Stryker infantry transport vehicles mounted with a 5kW laser weapon so that one day, the weapon can destroy drones on the front lines, the Daily Mail reported.  The laser weapon brought down 50 drones during a   firing exercise. “They love the system and they are excited about not only what they can do with it in the air, but what they can do with it on the ground as well,” Lt. Col. Jeff Erts, who is in charge of the experiments, said. The Army is also working with Lockheed Martin to test a 60kW laser weapon. Other branches of the military also plan to utilize laser weapons. The U. S. Navy is planning on deploying laser weapons on its ships within the next two years. On Friday’s broadcast of Real Time with Bill Maher on HBO, host and comedian Bill Maher told Breitbart News    Alex Marlow “Thanks for having me [pointing to himself]  because you are the head of Breitbart News. I want the Democrats to have a little bit of what you guys are drinking, because you have balls, and you fight better. ”  He added, “You’re here on my show. I can’t get Democrats to come here. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Saturday while introducing President Donald Trump at his rally in Harrisburg, PA, Vice President Mike Pence praised Trump for keeping his promises during his first 100 days in office, saying “America is back. ”  “For 100 days, President Trump has been keeping the promises he has made to you and every American,” Pence stated. “It’s been 100 days of action, 100 days of consequence and 100 days that will be remembered as the days we began to make America great again. ” “The truth is President Trump has been relentlessly delivering on the promises he made to the American people, and America is back,” he declared. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Tuesday in Kenosha, WI at the world headquarters of   Inc. President Donald Trump called on House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) who is on a bipartisan congressional trip visiting NATO countries, to get members of NATO “to pay their bills. ”  Trump said,”And although he could not be here today, my thanks go to Speaker Ryan who’s represented the city for nearly two decades in Congress. And you know where he is? He’s with NATO. And  —   so he has a good excuse. And I said Ron, make sure these countries start paying their bills a little bit more, you know. They’re way, way behind. We have to do  —   well I’m going to talk to you about that, Ron. But Paul, you’re over with NATO, get them to pay their bills. I think that  —   and Ron you have to work on that too. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” while discussing the U. S. missile strike on a Syrian air base in response to a deadly chemical attack, U. S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley called President Donald Trump’s decision one of his “finest hours. ”  Haley said, “What happened this week was really one of the president’s finest hours. ” She continued, “He wanted to know exactly what the facts and evidence was. He wanted to know what the options were, what the risks were, and the political strategy and solution side of it. After all of that, he made a very, you know, strong decision and I think it was one that was very good for the world. ” She added, “He won’t stop here “If he needs to do more, he’ll do more. Really, now what happens depends on how everyone responds to what happened in Syria and make sure that we start moving toward a political solution and we start finding peace in that area. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN .@GeraldoRivera: The symbolic hunger strike at Yale is everything that’s wrong with millennial activism. It’s activism without sacrifice. pic. twitter.  Friday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” network contributor Geraldo Rivera criticized a   “symbolic hunger strike” at Yale University.  According to reports, the strike involves students eating when they are hungry. “Political correctness and the symbolic hunger strike  —   this particular example of this symbolic hunger strike is everything wrong with the millennial generation’s activism. It’s activism without any cost. It’s activism without any sacrifice. It’s activism without a price. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor In @NBCNews exclusive video AG Sessions says he will recuse himself from Russia investigation whenever appropriate: pic. twitter.  In a clip that aired on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” on Thursday from earlier in the day, Attorney General Jeff Sessions denied having met with Russian officials to discuss Donald Trump’s presidential campaign despite allegations that appeared a Washington Post story published late Wednesday night.  “I have not met with any Russians at any time to discuss any political campaign,” Sessions said. “And those remarks are unbelievable to me and are false, and I don’t have anything else to say about that. ” If necessary, Sessions vowed to recuse himself from any investigation. “I have said whenever it is appropriate, I will recuse myself,” he added. “There’s no doubt about that. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Sen. Al Franken ( ) claimed “a few” of his Republican colleagues have expressed concerns about President Donald Trump’s mental health.  Franken said, “We all have this suspicion that, you know, he lies a lot. He says things that aren’t true. That’s the same as lying, I guess. You know, 3 to 5 million people voted illegally   …     That is not the norm for a president of the United States or actually for a human being. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Sunday on Fox News Channel’s’“Media Buzz,” White House aide Kellyanne Conway criticized Democratic politicians that “have time to go and cry and weep at the airports” to protest President Donald Trump’s executive order, but not the time to vote on Trump’s cabinet nominees.  Conway said, “The Democrats want to go on the record, they have time to go and cry and weep at the airport protesting something that they’ve completely bastardized as to what it is and what its intent and what its effect is, this immigration order and yet they don’t have time to give a fair hearing, an    vote on these nominees?” Conway asked. “You want to vote against, vote against. But at least give people a hearing and the decency of a vote. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher stated that MSNBC host Rachel Maddow’s Trump tax return story was “worse than a nothingburger, it was a help Trump burger. ”  Maher said, “I’m a big fan of Rachel Maddow. I want her on the air. ” He added that the tax return story “turned out to be a big nothingburger, worse than a nothingburger, it was a help Trump burger. ” Maher further stated that the amount of taxes Trump paid is “well within respectful. This is probably the best tax return he’s ever filed, which makes me think this came from Donald Trump.   …     This is getting played. ” Maher concluded, “[L]et’s not weaponize Rachel Maddow. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Monday on ABC’s “The View,”   Joy Behar said President Donald Trump was “nuts” and needed “to be taken out of office. ”  Behar said, “Everybody face it, he needs to be taken out of office. He needs to be impeached. He is a menace. You say Kim Jong  —   what do you call him  —   Kim    is crazy? So is he. So is he. Let’s Get real. Come on. He is nuts and we’re in the middle of it. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN BASEL, Switzerland (AP)  —   The International Organization for Migration says more than 60, 000 migrants have reached the shores of Europe so far in 2017, a sizeable decrease compared to the same period last year. [The   based U. N. agency said Friday that 60, 521 migrants and refugees had entered Europe by sea with over 80 precent of them landing in Italy. The remainder arrived in Greece, Cyprus or Spain.  That figure excludes an estimated 6, 000 men, women and children who have been rescued since Tuesday. The organization has also recorded at least 1, 530 deaths on the Mediterranean in 2017, the vast majority in the waters between Libya and Sicily. That figure is higher than the same period last year. Between   2016, the agency documented 193, 333 migrants and refugees arriving at sea and 1, 398 fatalities. This special edition of The Glazov Gang was joined by Sandra Solomon, an   who grew up in Saudi Arabia who is now valiantly fighting against the Islamization of the West  —   and of her new home country of Canada in particular. Monday on CNN’s “Newsroom,”  Jan Chamberlin, who opted to quit the Mormon Tabernacle Choir rather than sing at the inauguration of   Donald Trump defended comparing Trump to the Adolf Hitler.  Partial transcript as follows: Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN ”If they don’t want to go, I’m great with that. But now it becomes their individual interests  …     versus the team concept.”  —   @RealSkipBayless pic. twitter.  Wednesday, FS1 “Undisputed”   Skip Bayless weighed in on athletes like New England Patriots stars Devin McCourty and Martellus Bennet saying they will not attend the White House Super Bowl victory celebration with President Donald Trump.  Bayless, who admitted he was “great” with athletes not going if they did not want to, suggested it could hurt the team concept if some players elected to go while others stayed. “If they don’t want to go, I’m great with that,” Bayless stated. “But now it becomes their individual interest and their political views or racial views versus the team concept. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent During Saturday’s “Cavuto on Business,” former Nixon and Ford speechwriter, actor and author Ben Stein said in a discussion about James Comey’s Senate Intelligence Committee hearing that President Donald Trump did not do anything wrong because he did not order Comey to stop the investigation into Russian collusion.  “Trump didn’t do anything wrong,” Stein declared. “He did not order Comey to stop the investigation. He did not order anybody to stop the investigation. The bottom line is that these leaks are all BS. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent During his Thursday press conference naming Alexander Acosta his nominee to be Secretary of Labor, President Donald Trump discussed the state of the country when he entered office, saying he “inherited a mess. ”  “To be honest, I inherited a mess,” Trump said in front of reporters. “It’s a mess   …     at home and abroad. A mess. Jobs are pouring out of the country. You see what’s going on with all of the companies leaving our country, going to Mexico and other places. Low pay, low wages, mass instability overseas no matter where you look  —   the Middle East, a disaster, North Korea. We’ll take care of it, folks. I just want to let you know I inherited a mess. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent On Monday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “MSNBC Live,” host Stephanie Ruhle reacted to Meryl Streep’s speech at the previous night’s Golden Globes by saying “it’s fair to say there are many people in Hollywood that are now out of touch” with average Americans.  Ruhle said that Trump did make fun of a disabled reporter, and celebrities who came from normal backgrounds become successful “might be the American Dream, but it’s fair to say there are many people in Hollywood that are now out of touch with that America. I mean, that’s an argument you could make. ” MSNBC Correspondent Steve Kornacki stated that the Streep speech and Trump’s reaction were “political  . ” That wouldn’t convince anyone. Ruhle added that Streep didn’t convince anyone. (  Real Clear Politics) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Wednesday, White House press secretary Sean Spicer was asked to comment on Hillary Clinton saying she would have won the election had it been held on October 27 instead of November 8.  Spicer likened her comments to the New England Patriots’ comeback victory after being down   late in Super Bowl LI. “Well look, I’m a Patriots fan and I think if games ended in the third quarter, there would have been a different team here last week,” Spicer answered. “But you play a game four quarters and you play an election until election day, so with all due respect to her, that’s not how it works. You don’t get to pick the day the election is on. ” He added, “I think it’s somewhat sad that we’re still debating why the president won in the fashion that he did. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent TMZ reports that former Breitbart Senior Editor MILO has a plan to continue living in the United States following his resignation from Breitbart News. [Milo is here under an   visa for “aliens of extraordinary ability”  —   his being journalism, we’re guessing  —   but without a U. S. employer to sponsor him, he’d be deported in 60 days. Sources in Milo’s camp tell us he’s not sweating deportation, because he’s lined up a new sponsor. We’re told the people behind a secret new media venture Milo will be working with have agreed in principle to file the necessary paperwork. It’s not a done deal yet, but as usual   …     Milo’s cocky confident he’ll close the deal. Read the rest of the story at TMZ. (REUTERS)  —   A teenager who attacked a Jewish teacher in France with a machete was sentenced to seven years in jail on Thursday by a French juvenile court, judicial sources said. [The    was convicted at a   trial for slightly wounding the teacher who was wearing a traditional Jewish skullcap, or yarmulke, while walking to school in January 2016 in the southern city of Marseille.  Prosecutor Brice Robin said shortly after the attack that the teenager, who has not been identified because of his age, said he had acted in the name of the Islamic State militant group. The teenager, a Turkish citizen of Kurdish origin, was 15 at the time of the attack. He was charged with attempted murder in connection with a terrorist attack, with the aggravating factor of  . (Read more from Reuters here) President Donald Trump returned to his attacks on the biased media, after a weekend away from Washington D. C.[“The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election,” he wrote on Twitter. “Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!”  Last week, some in the media were surprised after Trump referred to them as “very honorable people” during an event at the White House. Trump appeared to be watching Fox and Friends on Monday morning, praising the show for some of their analysis. “’The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy! ’” he wrote. “So true. ” The CEO of Ford Motor Company, Mark Fields, praised Donald Trump for working to restore American manufacturing after his meeting at the White House with top auto executives on Tuesday morning. [“I think as an industry, we’re excited about working together with the president and his administration on tax policies, on regulation, and on trade to really create a renaissance in American manufacturing,” Fields told reporters after the meeting, according to the Detroit News.  Fields also praised Trump’s decision to kill former President Obama’s   Partnership trade deal, pointing out that it failed to address currency manipulation. “We’ve been very vocal both as an industry and as a company, and we’ve repeatedly said that the mother of all trade barriers is currency manipulation, and TPP failed in meaningfully dealing with that, and we appreciate the president’s courage to walk away from a bad trade deal,” Fields said. “Modern Family” star Sarah Hyland says her skinny appearance lately is due to a medical condition. [The    says in a social media post that critics have accused her of promoting anorexia in pictures she’s posted. Without being specific, Hyland says she has “basically been on bed rest for the past few months” and has lost muscle mass. She says her face is swollen from medication that is saving her life.  She adds that she strives “to be as healthy as possible” but hasn’t “had the greatest year. ” Hyland stars as Lisa Houseman in ABC’s TV movie remake of “Dirty Dancing. ” My story as of now. Part 1. pic. twitter.   —   Sarah Hyland (@Sarah_Hyland) May 24, 2017,  Part 2 pic. twitter.   —   Sarah Hyland (@Sarah_Hyland) May 24, 2017,  President Donald Trump reacted to questions about his claims that the Obama administration had “wiretapped” Trump Tower. [After a German reporter asked if Trump regretted his tweets, he replied, “Very seldom. ”  “As far as wiretapping, I guess, by this past administration, at least we have something in common, perhaps,” Trump said as some of the media and the president’s staff laughed. Merkel looked at the president and then shuffled her note cards while looking at her podium. Merkel’s reaction when Trump suggested they were both victims of Obama wiretapping  &gt pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) March 17, 2017,  Trump was referring to the reports that President Obama allowed tapping of Merkel’s phone in 2010, as part of an ongoing NSA surveillance operation.  Arrival of Vice President Mike Pence and White House senior staff, A post shared by Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) on Mar 17, 2017 at 12:30pm PDT,  Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” discussing President Donald Trump‘s tweet labeling the press an “enemy” of the American people, Washington Post veteran Bob Woodward said, “I don’t think he really believes that the press is the enemy of the people. ”  Woodward said, “We don’t want in the media to set ourselves up as the opposition. I know Trump a little bit. I don’t think he really believes that the press is the enemy of the people, frankly. And we have to do our reporting in a very aggressive, careful way ten months ago with Bob Costa, we interviewed Trump and it was tough and he came out and he said, well, it was fair and accurate. So I think you can be tough and fair and accurate. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN After refusing to stand for the national anthem in 2016, activist and quarterback Colin Kaepernick now plans to stand in 2017, ESPN’s Adam Schefter reports. [Kaepernick said from the beginning that he would kneel until he saw a significant change, but that change seems to be when he no longer has a gig in the NFL.  The polarizing quarterback opted out of his contract with the San Francisco 49ers this week and will officially be a free agent next week. Per ESPN’s Schefter, Kaepernick is ending the protest because he does not want to “detract from the positive change that he believes has been created,” but the timing of the announcement makes it obvious that the quarterback wants to separate himself from the distraction and controversy. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” Senate Intelligence Committee member Sen. Joe Manchin ( ) said that he had seen no evidence of collusion “whatsoever” between the Trump campaign and Russian during their investigation into Russia’s role in the 2016 presidential election.  When asked about “collusion” by host George Stephanopoulos, Manchin said, “You know, we haven’t seen any of that whatsoever, George, we’ve been looking and showing everything that they possibly have. That has not led to that. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Wednesday in Ranchos Palos Verdes, CA at the annual Code Conference, former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said the barrage of “fake news” and hacked emails released during the 2016 presidential campaign had to have been from the Russians and “guided by Americans. ”  Clinton said, “I think it’s fair to ask, how did that actually influence the campaign, and how did they know what messages to deliver? Who told them? Who were they coordinating with, and colluding with?” Clinton continued, “The Russians in my opinion  —   and based on intelligence and counterintelligence people I have talked to  —   could not have known best how to weaponize that information unless they had been guided  …    Guided by Americans. ” When asked if she believed the campaign of President Donald Trump could have been involved she said, “Yes, I am leaning Trump. I think it’s pretty hard not to. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN PARIS (AP)  —     forces arrested four people Friday in southern France, including a    girl, and uncovered a makeshift laboratory with the explosive TATP and other ingredients for fabricating a bomb. France’s top security official said the raid thwarted an “imminent attack. ”[advertisement Breitbart News has surpassed 3 million Facebook likes, further cementing its place as one of the most dominant news forces on social media as the company continues to expand its readership and popularity. [The news comes after it emerged from Alexa rankings this week that Breitbart is now the 45th most trafficked website in the United States, overtaking sites such as The Washington Post, BuzzFeed, Fox News, and The Huffington Post.  Over the course of 2016, Breitbart attracted over two billion page views, almost double that of the previous year. Breitbart’s success on social media has been well documented, with the site becoming the biggest publisher of political news on social media last year. Follow Breitbart News on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Monday on his “No Spin News” podcast posted on BillOReilly. com, host Bill O’Reilly addressed his departure from Fox News.  O’Reilly said, “I am sad that I’m not on television anymore. I was very surprised how it all turned out. I can’t say a lot because there is so much stuff going on right now. But I can tell you that I’m very confident the truth will come out and when it does I don’t know if you are going to be surprised, but I think you are going to be as shaken as I am. There is a lot of stuff involved here. Now I can’t say any more because I just don’t want to influence the flow of information. I don’t want the media to take what I say and misconstrue it. You as a loyal O’Reilly listener have a right to know down the lane what happened, and we are working in that direction. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Monday at the White House press briefing, Press Secretary Sean Spicer said he could not “imagine a stable and peaceful Syria” where President Bashar   remained in power.  Partial transcript as follows: REPORTER: President Trump has spoken out extensively about the crimes of Bashar   in Syria. Does the President consider Assad a war criminal and does he believe eventually Assad should eventually appear before the ICC? SPICER: I think right now the focus is twofold. One is defeating ISIS and the second is creating the political environment necessary for the Syrian people to have new leadership there. I don’t think there is  —   I can’t imagine a stable and peaceful Syria where Bashar   is in power. I think we all recognize that happens and there can be a multipronged approach. We are ensuring that ISIS is contained and there is a   of the proliferation of chemical weapons and at the same time creating the environment for a change in leadership. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN President Barack Obama honored his own Vice President with a Presidential Medal of Freedom on Thursday afternoon, calling him a “lion of American History. ”[“He’s been unafraid to give it to me straight,” Obama said, referring to the advice he received from Biden over the years.  Biden awkwardly stood as Obama delivered a lengthy speech praising his Vice President, wiping away tears. “This gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance,” Obama joked during his speech. But when Obama surprised Biden by awarding him the medal, it prompted Biden to turn his back to the audience to hide his tears. “It is as Joe once said, a  …     big deal,” Obama said, referring to the moment that Biden famously dropped an expletive after Obamacare was passed. Per a NY Post report, authorities have charged the teenager involved in hitting an elderly Manhattan man with a cane.  Saul Nunez, 19, was seen on video beating    Juan Llorens with a cane Friday until someone nearby intervened. Llorens suffered a bloody gash on his left ear that required stitches. Nunez ran off after the attack, but was arrested Saturday and charged with felony assault and criminal possession of a weapon. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo As Sen. Cory Booker ( ) is set to testify against Sen. Jeff Sessions ( )   Donald Trump’s pick for U. S. Attorney General, at his confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee, it wasn’t that long ago that Booker praised Sessions.  In a speech at the U. S. Capitol Visitors Center last February, Booker thanked Sessions for his effort to commemorate the “Foot Soldiers,” which were those who marched from Selma to Montgomery, AL in 1965. “I am humbled to be able to to participate here in paying tribute to some of the extraordinary Americans, whose footsteps paved the way for me and my generation,” Booker said. “I feel blessed and honored to have partnered with Senator Sessions in being the Senate sponsors of this important award. ” (  WFB) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor President Donald Trump beats Massachusetts Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren in a hypothetical 2020 presidential election, a Morning Consult poll released Wednesday shows. [Less than one month after Trump took office, media are looking ahead to the next presidential election. Asked if “President Donald Trump runs for   in the year 2020, do you think you will probably vote for President Trump or probably vote for the Democratic candidate,” 43 percent of those polled said they would probably vote for the generic Democrat, while 35 percent would vote for Trump. Another 23 percent weren’t sure.  Pitted against Warren, 42 percent said they would support Trump, compared to 36 percent for Warren.   percent weren’t sure or had no opinion. Pollsters questioned 1, 791 registered voters from Feb. 9 to Feb. 10 with a margin of error of plus or minus two percentage points. Friday on Fox New Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said if Americans knew what he knew about terrorism threats they would “never leave the house. ”  Kelly said, “It’s nonstop. The good news is, for us in America, we have amazing people protecting us every day, DHS, obviously, FBI, fighting the away game is DOD Department of Defense, CIA, NSA, working with these incredible allies we have in Europe and around the world. But it can happen almost here anytime. I was telling Steve on the way in here if he knew what I knew about terrorism, he’d never leave the house in the morning. But the good news is again we have the finest men and woman in uniform, out of uniform, police officers, local law enforcement New York City cops protecting us. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN  North Carolina NAACP President Rev. William Barber weighed in on the brewing feud between Rep. John Lewis ( ) and   Donald Trump after Lewis said Trump was not a “legitimate president” and Trump fired back with criticisms of Lewis for his work in Georgia.  Barber praised Lewis, saying he “stands in the tradition” of the prophets, Jesus and Martin Luther King Jr. “There’s a great deal of illegitimacy to [Trump]. I can tell you lastly, Joy, over 10, 000 clergy and activists, we wrote him and asked to meet with him to discuss  things with him and they still have not responded. So, I stand with John Lewis as he stands in the tradition of the prophets, the tradition of Jesus and the tradition of Martin Luther King to say what is right even when people may not want to hear it,” Barber said. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent (REUTERS)  —   The United States should expect a “strong slap in the face” if it underestimates Iran’s defensive capabilities, a commander of the elite Revolutionary Guards said on Wednesday, as Tehran concluded war games. [Since taking office last month, U. S. President Donald Trump has pledged to get tough with Iran, warning the Islamic Republic after its ballistic missile test on Jan. 29 that it was playing with fire and all U. S. options were on the table.  “The enemy should not be mistaken in its assessments, and it will receive a strong slap in the face if it does make such a mistake,” said General Mohammad Pakpour, head of the Guards’ ground forces, quoted by the Guards’ website Sepahnews. Read more here. Porn star Molly Cavalli was bitten by a shark while filming a promo ad for a sex cam company. [TMZ reports that the adult film star was dropped underwater in a shark cage wearing nothing but a white swimsuit. Cavalli’s presence in the water apparently attracted a   lemon shark.  In a video which can be seen below, the actress panics as the shark attacks her and can be seen moments later holding her bleeding ankle. An image posted by TMZ shows the actress sustained a gruesome gash. Cavalli was pulled to safety but reportedly required 20 stitches in her foot. [Warning: Graphic Content]   Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “The O’Reilly Factor,” network personality Geraldo Rivera announced he was withdrawing his opposition to a border.  Rivera, who has had some heated   on O’Reilly’s show over the past decade on the issue of immigration, acknowledged that elections have consequences, therefore he doesn’t oppose the wall  —   despite thinking it was a waste of money. “I’m going to shock you. I am withdrawing my opposition to the wall,” Rivera said. “No, listen, elections have consequences. This was his signature issue, and if the people want the wall, which I think is a waste of money. ” “Geraldo is down with the wall now,” O’Reilly replied. “And you know, I think you should have a piece full wall   …     sponsored by Geraldo. You could have your picture there. “You’re going to have a $  wall and a $25 ladder and the ladder will triumph,” Rivera added. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor LeGarrette Blount has become the latest in a line of New England Patriots to decline the invitation from the White House for their Super Bowl LI victory. [On Thursday, during an appearance on the Rich Eisen Show, Blount said he didn’t feel welcome at the White House, and wouldn’t attend.  “I will NOT be going to the White House. I don’t feel welcome in that house. I’ll leave it at that. ”  —  @LG_Blount,  —   Rich Eisen Show (@RichEisenShow) February 9, 2017,  The decision not to attend adds Blount’s name to a list that already includes Martellus Bennett, Devin McCourty, Donta Hightower, and Chris Long. Though, not all players have declined for political reasons. Running back James White has not yet decided whether or not he will make the trip to DC. Wide receivers Chris Hogan and Malcolm Mitchell announced on ESPN that they will attend the White House ceremony. Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn Friday at a press conference addressing a shooting at the Ft. Lauderdale International Airport that resulted in at least five dead and six injured, Gov. Rick Scott ( ) said his heart when out to the families and individuals impacted by the shooting.  However, he vowed to hold those responsible accountable. “Whoever is responsible will be held accountable to the full extent of the law,” Scott said. “The state of Florida, the citizens of Florida, law enforcement in this state will not tolerate evil acts. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Monday on the Senate floor, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) said the Senate’s work on the healthcare reform bill “will not be quick, or simple, or easy. ”  McConnell said, “We can continue with the status quo under Obamacare, and we know what that looks like. It means even higher premiums, even fewer choices, even more insurance companies pulling out, even more uncertainty and even more chaos. To those who have suffered enough already, my message is this, we hear you, and Congress is acting. I commend the House and the administration for making this important advance last week. Now the Senate will do its work. The administration will also continue doing its part to deliver relief and stabilize the health markets as best it can. The process will not be quick, or simple, or easy. But it must be done. It is the least both parties owe to countless Americans who suffer under Obamacare and will continue to suffer if we do not act. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The Jerusalem Post reports: With surveys showing “lots of Swedish Jews are afraid of showing their Jewishness,” Stockholm has stepped up efforts to teach about the Holocaust as a means of fighting against antisemitism, the director of a   program targeting the issue said. [“The Swedish government is investing a lot of money to combat the phenomenon of antisemitism and Islamophobia,” Ingrid Lomfors, director of the Living History Forum in Sweden added, in an interview with The Jerusalem Post this past week. The Forum is a public authority established by Sweden some 15 years ago with the aim of “promoting democracy, tolerance and human rights using the Holocaust as a starting point. ”  In November the government announced an additional 156 million Krona (NIS 65 million) stipend to develop a new national program for Holocaust remembrance, with the aim of combating antisemitism and racism. Read more here. The local CBS News affiliate in Seattle issued a   correction to an article in which they called Breitbart editor MILO a “white nationalist. ”[The original article, which falsely branded MILO a “white nationalist,” and a leader of the   movement was slightly modified. It now repeats the false claims of others instead of making the claims itself.  “Yiannopoulos  —   who had been invited to speak Friday by the University of Washington College Republicans  —   who has been called a white nationalist and “ ” leader, a charge that Yiannopoulos has repeatedly denied,” the article now reads. Claiming that an individual “has been called” a certain something is questionable with regards to journalistic standards because it does not require the reporter to substantiate the claim. Unlike the local CBS affiliate, several other news outlets have issued whole corrections after falsely branding MILO a “white nationalist. ” ”I do think there are tears in the statue (of Liberty) at the moment” says @madeleine in response to the travel ban. https:  .  Tuesday on CNN’s “New Day,” former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright declared there were “tears in the eyes” of the Statue of Liberty with regards to President Donald Trump’s executive order restricting immigration from seven predominantly Muslim countries.  “[T]he Statue of Liberty’s message is in fact, one of open arms and welcoming people,” Albright said. “And I do think that there are tears in the eyes of the statue at the moment. And I do think that the whole aspect of this, in terms of deciding that our safety and security depends on keeping people out rather than welcoming people and understanding what this country is about. So I think it’s just flat  . ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor .@GOVHOWARDDEAN: We have to completely change way we approach race in this country as Democrats and as nation #AMJoy https:  .  Former DNC chairman Gov. Howard Dean ( ) said Saturday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” that Democrats, as well as the rest of the United States, need to “completely change the way we approach race in this country. ”  “We have to completely change the way we approach race in this country as Democrats and as a nation, and that will get us back into the power which we deserve and where we can benefit the country,” Dean told host Joy Reid. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent ISTANBUL (Reuters)  —   Shot in the arm and slumped behind a table, Francois   played dead as the gunman walked through the exclusive Istanbul nightclub shooting the wounded as they lay on the ground. [Like most of the 39 people killed at a New Year’s party in Reina, a   for the Turkish jet set and moneyed foreigners, the Lebanese radio and TV graduate was a visitor to Istanbul, enjoying a city reputed in the Middle East for its diversity and tolerance.  “He shot one shot, so we thought  —   I thought  —   it was some angry or drunk man   …     But a few seconds later, we heard a machine gun,” Asmar told Reuters from his hospital bed. Read more here. President Donald Trump had lunch with the top television anchors in the mainstream media  —   a presidential tradition before a major address to Congress. [CNN’s Jake Tapper, ABC’s George Stephanopoulos, Wolf Blitzer of CNN, and MSNBC’s Chuck Todd were spotted going into the White House for the lunch, as well as Fox News hosts Bret Baier and Chris Wallace.   —   @jaketapper @GStephanopoulos @chucktodd and TV anchors go to lunch with @realDonaldTrump before speech to congress pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) February 28, 2017,  #Anchormen Chris Wallace @BretBaier pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) February 28, 2017,  This year, Spicer opened up the lunch beyond the “Big Five” networks to include representatives from Telemundo, Univision, CBN, EWTN, OANN, PBS,   and TV1. Former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is considering running for New York City mayor, according to a report by TMZ. [TMZ reports that a source who was at a small gathering last month with Clinton and “some politically connected people” from New York said the former presidential candidate “has not ruled” out the possibility and is “taking a real look at it. ”  Clinton also told the close circle to measure “the level of interest and support” to a potential Clinton candidacy. Rumors of Clinton running for mayor to resurrect her political career after a humiliating defeat in November have been swirling around in New York political circles since the beginning of the year. But, despite the growing speculation, Clinton has not yet publicly commented whether she would mull a challenge against the incumbent, Bill de Blasio. ”Hillary for Mayor” signs spotted in NYC. pic. twitter.   —   Alexandra Rosenmann (@alexpreditor) March 1, 2017,  (Reuters)  —   U. S. Department of Homeland Security employees in the Washington area were unable to access some agency computer networks on Tuesday, according to three sources familiar with the matter. [It was not immediately clear how widespread the issue was or how significantly it affected daily functions at DHS, a large government agency whose responsibilities include immigration services, border security and cyber defense.  Employees began experiencing problems logging into networks at 5 a. m. ET on Tuesday due to a problem related to the personal identify verification (PIV) cards used by federal workers and contractors to access certain information systems, one source said. At least four DHS buildings were affected, the source said, including locations used by U. S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. Another source said the cards did not appear to be responsible. DHS did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Read the rest of the story at Reuters. President Trump’s decision to impose travel restrictions on   countries has triggered a wave of   protests claiming Trump’s restrictions are   or   or racist, or   or   or all of above. [advertisement PARIS (AP)  —   Paris police say a letter bomb exploded at the French office of the International Monetary Fund, lightly injuring one person. [advertisement Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” President Barack Obama said he thinks the Affordable Care Act will survive   Donald Trump’s tenure.  When asked if Obamacare is going to survive, Obama said, “I think it will. It may be called something else. As I said, I don’t mind. if, in fact, the Republicans make some modifications, Some of which I may have been seeking previously, but they wouldn’t cooperate because they didn’t want to make the system work, and   it as Trumpcare, I’m fine with that. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The Times of Israel reports: BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   Dozens of Syrian students on Saturday gathered outside the offices of the United Nations in Damascus to protest a US missile attack on an air base. The protesters held banners and chanted “Death to America” and “Death to Israel. ”[One of the banners they carried read: “The Iraqi scenario will not be repeated in Syria. ” They were referring to the 2003   invasion of Iraq after Washington accused Saddam Hussein of hiding weapons of mass destruction  —   a belief that later turned out to be incorrect.  University student Ashraf Fadel said he came to denounce “the unjust American aggression against Syria. ” He added that the UN was “created to support America instead of serving the wronged people. ” Tensions skyrocketed this week after an alleged chemical weapons attack by the Syrian government killed dozens of people. Read more here. Saturday at a town hall in her home district in Los Angeles, Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) who has called for impeachment several times, told President Donald Trump she is coming for him.  Discussing President Trump firing FBI Director James Comey, Waters said,” He always went around the country talking about he was a good man, he had faith in him, that he was going to do a good job until he got too close to him. Donald Trump, I’m coming for you. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN President Donald Trump is interviewing FBI director candidates this afternoon, which include former Connecticut Democrat Senator Joe Lieberman.  The news was revealed by White House press secretary Sean Spicer to reporters aboard Air Force One, traveling back to the White House after the president’s commencement speech to the Coast Guard Academy. The list also includes FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, former Governor of Oklahoma Frank Keating and the FBI’s Executive Assistant Director Richard McFeely. Lieberman, a good friend of Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona was also the Democratic   nominee in 2000 with Vice President Al Gore. He retired in 2013 as the U. S. senator for Connecticut after serving for 24 years. REYNOSA, Tamaulipas  —   A team of cartel gunmen wielding machine guns and wearing body armor carried out a brazen daytime heist in this border city. The act highlights the raging violence that continues to take place in this city.    Editor’s Note: Breitbart Texas traveled to the Mexican States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila, and Nuevo León to recruit citizen journalists willing to risk their lives and expose the cartels silencing their communities.  The writers would face certain death at the hands of the various cartels that operate in those areas including the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas if a pseudonym were not used. Breitbart Texas’ Cartel Chronicles are published in both English and in their original Spanish. This article was written by “A. C. Del Angel” from Reynosa, Tamaulipas.  White House press secretary Sean Spicer reacted Tuesday to a statement from Iran’s Ayatollah Khamenei, who said that Donald Trump “showed the real face of the United States,” accusing him of putting a    in handcuffs. [“I think Iran is kidding itself if they don’t think there’s a new president in town,” Spicer replied when asked about the Ayatollah’s comments in the White House press briefing.  He accused Iran of trying to “flout” the Joint Agreement reached with former President Obama, adding that Trump would continue to do what he thought was necessary to protect the United States. “He will continue to take action as he sees fit, and the president has made clear time and time again that he’s not going to project what those actions will be, and he will not take anything off of the table,” Spicer said. The ayatollah called for a protest of Trump in the streets in Iran on February 10. “They will show others what kind of stance the nation of Iran takes when threatened,” he said. Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” while discussing President Donald Trump’s tweets accusing former President Barack Obama’s administration of wiretapping Trump Tower before the election, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) said Trump should apologize to Obama.  Pelosi said, “It’s not just about this allegation that President Trump has made It’s about the frivolity of it all. I call him the   . He’ll come up with anything to change the subject from something that’s not going well for him. ” She continued, “He comes up with these schemes, which are beneath the dignity  —   not only beneath the dignity of the office of the president, beneath the responsibility of the President of the United States to respect the office he serves in. ” When asked if Trump should apologize to Obama, Pelosi said, “Yes he most certainly should and to the American people,” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Thursday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Rep Maxine Waters ( ) discussed her multiple calls for the impeachment of President Donald Trump and claimed during the 2016 presidential campaign Trump calling his opponent, Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton “crooked” and the rally crowds chanting “lock her up,” was “a play from Putin’s playbook. ”  When asked what the standard by which Trump should be impeached, Waters said, “I am talking about strategies that were developed working with the Trump campaign. I really do believe that much of what you saw coming out of Trump’s mouth was a play from Putin’s playbook. I think that when you saw him absolutely calling Hillary crooked, the, “lock her up, lock her up” all of that was developed. I think that was developed strategically with people from the Kremlin, with Putin, and I think it’s more than bank records. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN President Donald Trump, during his meeting with Congress on Tuesday, floated the idea of having his Southern border wall covered with solar panels. [Trump suggested that he could build a wall “40 to 50 feet high and covered with solar panels,” according to a report from Axios.  The energy generated from the solar panels could be used to pay for the cost of building the wall, Trump intimated, according to three sources in the story. It is unclear how serious the president was about the proposal, but he appeared eager to discuss progress for the project. “The wall will be a great help, and it will happen believe me,” Trump said to reporters after the meeting. Sunday on  ABC’s “This Week,” President Barack Obama said he thinks   Donald Trump “has not spent a lot of time sweating the details. ”  Obama said, “I think that he has not spent a lot of time sweating the details of, you know, all the policies. ” He added, “I think that can be both a strength and a weakness. I think it depends on how he approaches it. If he  —   if it gives him fresh eyes, then that can be valuable. But it also requires you knowing what you don’t know. And putting in place people who  —   do have the kinds of experience and background and knowledge that can inform good decision making. And, look, I’m  —   I think it’s fair to say that he and I are sort of opposites in some ways. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The Times of Israel reports: A member of Hamas’s naval commando unit defected from the   terror organization nearly a year ago to join the Sinai Province  —   the Islamic State group’s branch in the Sinai Peninsula, Palestinian sources told The Times of Israel. [Abed   Abu Aadara, 20, from the city of Rafah in the southern Gaza Strip, was arrested approximately two months ago by Hamas while visiting Gaza due to his affiliation with IS. He has since been freed.  Although Abu Aadara is not the first Hamas operative to defect to IS, he is the first known member of the group’s naval commando unit to join its ranks. Read more here. During Thursday’s “First Take” on ESPN,   Stephen A. Smith reacted to the report that quarterback Colin Kaepernick is ending his national anthem protest for the 2017 season.  Smith said Kaepernick is “not fooling anybody” with his “incredibly opportunistic” decision now that he is no longer employed in the NFL. “Colin Kaepernick is looking at himself and saying, ‘My career might be in jeopardy. I’m looking for a new contract to prolong my NFL career, and this is the stance I need to change.’ It’s incredibly opportunistic, it’s flagrantly so. He’s not fooling anybody this way,” Smith stated. He later added, “[B]ecause of the timing of it all, as it appears to be flagrantly opportunistic, I’m not buying it one bit, and more importantly, I don’t give a damn. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” CNN anchor Jake Tapper stated that there are “fair critiques of the media when it comes to, especially, running a lot of the Trump rallies early on, start to finish, no editorial comment,” something every cable news network did.  Tapper said, “I think that there’s certainly  …    fair critiques of the media when it comes to, especially, running a lot of the Trump rallies early on, start to finish, no editorial comment, just like, what is this? What are we doing here? And CNN did that. Fox did it. MSNBC did it. And my boss, Jeff Zucker, has acknowledged that we did that too much, early on. I think that some of the toughest interviews that were done of President Trump, and Hillary Clinton for that matter, were on CNN. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher stated that Syria’s dysfunction started due to climate change, and “we talk about Assad gassing people, we’re gassing them too. We’re just doing it slower with CO2. ”  Maher said, “[T]he Syrian problem started with climate change. It did. 75% of Syrian farms failed. A million and a half people migrated to the cities. That’s where it began. And by the way, these people who are starving, which is  —   whether you’re bombed or you’re sarin gassed, or you’re starving, death is death. But  —   I mean, we talk about Assad gassing people, we’re gassing them too. We’re just doing it slower with CO2. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Thursday on Chicago’s ABC7 when asked by correspondent Judy Hsu if race relations have gotten better or worse during his tenure, President Barack Obama said “for the most part” they had gotten better.  Obama said “You know I think that in some ways, like everything else it’s gotten better and in some ways we have surfaced tensions that were already there but are getting more attention. Look, I came to Chicago in 1985, in the middle of Council Wars between Harold Washington and Eddie Vrdolyak. Some of your viewers are too young to remember this stuff. I promise you, for the most part, race relations have gotten better. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Actress Melissa McCarthy reprised her role as White House press secretary Sean Spicer during this week’s “Saturday Night Live,” this time dressed in a bunny suit.  McCarthy mocked Spicer’s Hitler comments from earlier this week and then blamed the press for blowing the comments out of proportion. “If you guys didn’t focus on every little slur and lie I said,” McCarthy said. She went on to describe the story of the Passover by using Veggie Tales dolls, comparing Pharoah to Hitler before catching herself. As the skit ended, McCarthy’s Spicer told everyone, “By the way, the President’s probably going to bomb North Korea tonight. ” “Everybody, just eat as much candy as you want, cause this is probably our last Easter on Earth,” she added as she drove off on a half   golfcart. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Former President Ronald Reagan economic adviser Arthur Laffer weighed in on the Obamacare repeal’s passage Sunday on New York AM 970 radio’s “The Cats Roundtable. ”  Laffer praised House Speaker Paul Ryan’s maturation, saying he is working with President Donald Trump “beautifully. ” “What you’re seeing happening is the very quick evolution of an administration,” Laffer told host John Catsimatidis. “What happened with Paul Ryan in getting that health care bill passed, shows you exactly how Paul Ryan has matured immensely as Speaker of the House and is working with Trump beautifully,” he continued. “Paul Ryan is just about perfect right now. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent During a speech at the Brookings Institution on Thursday, President Bill Clinton stated, “we have to find a way to bring simple, personal decency and trust back to our politics. ”  While speaking about former Israeli PM Yitzhak Rabin, Clinton said, “Finally, I think, somehow or another, we have to find a way to bring simple, personal decency and trust back to our politics. ” Clinton then discussed Rabin’s negotiations with the Palestinians, and how the Palestinians trusted his word more than a written contract, Clinton asked, “Can you imagine someone saying that today, in the world we’re living in?” Clinton further said, “[I]t always comes down to two things, are we going to live in and us and them world, or a world that we made together? Is it going to be one set of rules for us, and another set for everybody else, or are we going to find a way to live through the same rules?” (    Dovere) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Brad Pitt plays Gen. Dan McMahon, a parody of Afghanistan war general Stanley McChrystal, in the first teaser trailer for Netflix’s satire film War Machine. [Here’s the full synopsis from Netflix:  “A   war story for our times,   David Michôd (Animal Kingdom) recreates a U. S. General’s   rise and fall as part reality, part savage parody  —   raising the specter of just where the line between them lies today. His is an absurdist look at a born leader’s   march right into the dark heart of folly. At the story’s core is Brad Pitt’s sly take on one of the most polarizing war figures of a generation: successful, charismatic   General Stanley McChrystal, who leapt in like a rock star to command NATO forces in Afghanistan, only to be taken down by a journalist’s    exposé. ” Tilda Swinton, Ben Kingsley, Topher Grace, Will Poulter, Anthony Michael Hall and Lakeith Stanfield  . War Machine is on Netflix May 26. Watch the teaser trailer above.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum The latest trailer for Horizon Zero Dawn explores the weapons, equipment, and combat styles available to players in the forthcoming     RPG. Tuesday night on CNN, host Don Lemon said there was an “effort to tar and feather” President Barack Obama’s National Security Adviser Susan Rice over reports she unmasked members of Donald Trump’s transition team.  Lemon said, “So far, we’ve seen no evidence that she’s done anything improper and it seems like an effort to tar and feather her to try to make a lie the truth, the original tweet by the president. ” Former Obama administration green jobs czar Van Jones agreed that Susan Rice was “being tarred, feathered, and burned alive for doing her job in a good way. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Former U. S. Attorney General Eric Holder urged Americans to give former Republican Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions a chance to prove himself as the nation’s new attorney general. [“It seems you ought to give people a chance, unless they’re wholly unqualified,” Holder said during brief remarks at the University at Buffalo, on Thursday. “He may end up surprising us and he maybe will say, ‘This is who I always was,’ and I may end up saying, ‘Well I’ve seen growth then,’” Holder added.  Holder added he plans to be “very sparing in my criticisms because I know how tough the job is, I know how tough the decisions are,” though he worried Sessions will cross “red lines” on voting rights. According to the Buffalo News, Holder also urged his    audience to avoid “ideological blindness” along with “dangerous complacency. ” Holder did not oppose Sessions’ nomination despite furious objections from Democrats. Vile death threats were made against a Jewish gym owner in Melbourne, Australia after he slammed terrorist attacks performed by Islamic militants against Christians. [Avi Yemini, a former sharpshooter for the Israeli Defence Forces, posted a video to Facebook on Saturday where he took on the terrorist groups wreaking havoc on Christians in Egypt and the Philippines. He added that Ramadan is fast becoming “the month of Jihad” according to the MailOnline.  In response, he was sent a Facebook message by a man from the Sydney suburb of Parramatta who said he was ready to meet Yemeni and fight him over his beliefs. See the exchange below: “Do you think your [sic] a mad c***. Talking about Islam like that,” the message began. “I’ve forwarded it all through to the police,” he said, adding “I just hope [the people threatening me] don’t shoot me in the meantime. ”   Universal released the latest trailer for its upcoming eighth installment in the Fast and Furious franchise, The Fate and the Furious, due for release next month. [Series stars Vin Diesel, Duane “The Rock” Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Ludacris, Jason Statham and Tyrese Gibson are all back for another round, as are Charlize Theron, Helen Mirren and Kurt Russell.  The film is the first not to feature longtime franchise star Paul Walker, who died in a tragic car accident during the filming of Furious 7. The action shifts to New York City in this installment, with the trailer featuring Theron’s villainous character Cipher causing mass mayhem in the streets of Manhattan. F. Gary Gray (Straight Outta Compton) directs his first film in the franchise off of a script from longtime Fast and Furious scribe Chris Morgan. The Fate of the Furious is in theaters April 14.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum On the Friday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart Washington Political Editor Matt Boyle will lead our discussion of former FBI Director James Comey’s testimony before Congress. [He’ll be joined by veteran pollster Pat Caddell and Breitbart Legal Editor Ken Klukowski.  Breitbart London    Raheem Kassam will discuss the UK general election results. Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach will discuss his run for governor of Kansas. Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   . ROME (AP)  —   Pope Francis says he’s studying the possibility of going to South Sudan, the East African nation suffering famine and civil war. [Francis said while visiting an Anglican church in Rome on Sunday that Anglican, Presbyterian and Catholic bishops had asked him to “please come, even for a day. ”  The pope says they asked him to visit with Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby, the Anglican leader who also has decried the suffering in South Sudan. (REUTERS)  —    The names of German military barracks honoring a handful of World War Two officers should changed to show that the country’s   armed forces have made a clean break from their Nazi past, Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen said on Sunday. [Having come in for criticism herself after accusing the Bundeswehr armed forces of “weak leadership” amid a national debate over whether there are   extremists in the military, von der Leyen told Bild am Sonntag newspaper the barracks should no longer be named after   officers.  “The Bundeswehr has to send signals both internally and externally that it is not rooted in the tradition of the Wehrmacht,” she said, referring to the World War   name for the German army. The Bundeswehr was created in 1955. Read more here. ROME (AP)  —   The Italian government on Friday approved measures aimed at streamlining the decision process for asylum requests  —   as well as speeding up the deportations of those whose asylum bids have been denied. [advertisement NBA legend and Georgia sheriff’s deputy Shaquille O’Neal told TMZ Sports that the missing Tom Brady Super Bowl LI jersey is an “inside job. ”  “It’s an inside job,” Shaq said. “First, I’m checking the ball boys then I’m checking his teammates, the ones that don’t really play a lot   …     Somebody knows something. ” Brady’s jersey went missing after Sunday’s game, and he has asked for help finding the piece of memorabilia for his collection. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent ”This is Obamacare lite. It will not pass. Conservatives aren’t gonna take it.”  @RandPaul on the House leadership health care plan pic. twitter.  Tuesday, Sen. Rand Paul ( ) weighed in on the House Republican health care bill, calling it “Obamacare lite. ”  Paul also said conservatives are not going to pass it. “This is Obamacare lite. It will not pass. Conservatives aren’t gonna take it,” Paul said on “Fox  Friends. ” He added, “Premiums and prices will continue to spiral out of control. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent A British Christian theatre group has staged their annual Passion Play in Trafalgar square, London, part of a tradition of Easter pageants in the United Kingdom depicting the final days of Christ going back hundreds of years. [Once a common feature of Holy Week celebrations in the United Kingdom, the Medieval tradition of Passion Plays has largely abided except in some villages and cities, and London, where the Wintershall players stage the Passion of Jesus before 20, 000 people in Trafalgar Square on Good Friday.   Sharing of bread and wine,  Roman soldiers, in authentic uniforms, make their entrance,   Pontus Pilate has made his decision,  Carrying the cross,   Crucifixion in central London,      Truly, He is Risen, All pictures by Rachel Megawhat   Breitbart London President Donald Trump announced that he has made his Supreme Court nominee choice, promising to announce it live from the White House on Tuesday. [I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court,” he wrote on Twitter. “It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P. M. ”  Trump initially set his announcement for Thursday but moved it up after Senate Democrats seized on his executive order blocking immigration from several   countries in the Middle East. According to the Associated Press, three federal appeals court judges are on Trump’s short list  —   Neil Gorsuch, Thomas Hardiman, and William Pryor. Hillary Clinton: “I’m now back to being an activist citizen, and part of the resistance. ” https:  .  https:  .  During an interview with CNN’s Christiane Amanpour on Tuesday, former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said, “I’m now back to being an activist citizen, and part of the resistance. ”  Hillary said, “I can’t be anything other than who I am, and I’ve spent decades learning about what it would take to move our country forward, including people who clearly didn’t vote for me. To try to make sure that we dealt with a lot of these hard issues that are right around the corner, like robotics and artificial intelligence, and things that are really going to be upending the economy, for the vast majority of Americans, to say nothing of the rest of the world. So, I’m now back to being an activist citizen, and part of the resistance. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” declined to discuss comedian Kathy Griffin taking and apologizing for a photo depicting her holding up President Trump’s severed head on the grounds that it is “too gross. It’s just not worth doing. ” The show then teased discussion of President Trump’s “covfefe” tweet.  During a discussion on Americans going out to lunch less often, the Griffin news came up.   Brzezinski remarked, “We’re not talking about it. ” She added, “I’m sorry, it’s too gross. It’s just not worth doing. ” Brzezinski then teased the show’s next hour by previewing discussion of Trump’s “covfefe” tweet. (  Mediaite) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” while discussing the newly elected Democratic National Committee chairman and former Obama Labor secretary Tom Perez, former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski said Perez did not “understand what’s going on in America. ”  Lewandowski said  “They have now put someone in the chairman of the Democratic party who doesn’t understand what’s going on in America. They would have had an opportunity to pick a candidate that understood what middle America is about and not someone who’s just concerned about the East Coast or West Coast. And instead what we’ve seen is more of the same from the Democratic Party, which caused them to lose this election at the presidential level. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN President Donald Trump vowed to keep fighting terrorism, calling the attack in Manchester a reminder of the importance of the battle. [“[T]he top problem right now is terrorism,” Trump said after landing in Brussels, during a meeting with Prime Minister Charles Michel of Belgium.  The president added that under his Generals, the fight was “doing very well,” but described the terrorist attack in Manchester as a “horrible” and “unthinkable” situation. “When you see something like what happened a few days ago, you realize how important it is to win this fight,” he said. “And we will win this fight. ” Trump will meet with NATO allies in Brussels to discuss the future of the alliance and the ongoing struggle against terrorism. Speaking with reporters on Air Force One, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said that NATO should join the coalition against ISIS. “They’ve been an observer. But they’ve become more and more engaged in the actual fight to defeat ISIS,” he said. Part 4 of QA. A protester asked ”how do we get Trump out” @SenFeinstein responds: ”I think he is going to get himself out.” pic. twitter.  Friday, Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( ) answered questions from liberal protesters gathered at a fundraiser in Los Angeles.  One question she received dealt with President Donald Trump and how they were going to get him office, to which Feinstein said he was going to “get himself out” of office. “We have a lot of people looking at this,” Feinstein said. “I think he’s going to get himself out. I think that sending his sons to another country to make a financial deal for his company and then have that covered with government expenses  —   I believe government expenses should not be allowed. ” (  Fox News Insider) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP)  —   An asylum seeker in the Netherlands has been sentenced to 12 years in prison for raping a    woman after attempting to strangle and drown her. [The rape in September led one local mayor to suggest a curfew for residents of a local  ’ center. Bort Koelewijn, mayor of the northeastern town of Kampen, told a local television station last month that such a restriction should be considered to prevent similar attacks in the future.  The    rapist was not identified Thursday, in line with Dutch privacy guidelines. Prosecutors said in a statement last month that he lived in an  ’ center. Dutch media reported that he was originally from Eritrea. JERUSALEM (AP)  —   Israel has closed its Taba border crossing to Egypt following a warning by its   office of an “imminent” militant attack there. [Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz said in a statement Monday there was intel regarding a potential “terror attack” against tourists in the Sinai peninsula. The crossing is open for those wanting to return from Egypt.  A pair of church bombings during Palm Sunday ceremonies killed more than 40 people Sunday shortly after those attacks, Israeli urged its citizens in Sinai to return home. Sinai has traditionally been a popular destination for Israelis  —   especially during the upcoming Passover holiday. But Israel has urged its citizens to avoid the area in recent years because of Islamic militant activity. First Lady Melania Trump introduced her husband before his speech in Melbourne, FL on Saturday.  After saying the Lord’s Prayer, Trump said, “The America we envision is one that works for all Americans, and where all Americans can work and succeed, a nation committed to a greater civility and unity between people from all sides of the political divide. I will always stay true to myself, and be truthful to you, no matter what the opposition is saying about me. I will act in the best interest of all of you. I’m committed to creating and supporting initiatives near to my heart, which will have impacts on women and children all around the world. ” Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo PARIS (AP)  —   Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen are preparing for their    televised French presidential election debate, with much at stake for both contenders. [advertisement Wednesday in New York City, owner of the Dallas Mavericks Mark Cuban told TMZ he didn’t think President Donald Trump would last four years.  Cuban said, “Some of his policies are fine, right, some of his   policies  —   tax reform, reduction of bureaucracy  …    I think There are a lot of positives there, but I don’t think those are necessarily his ideas, and the execution, particularly on the ban, has been horrible. I mean, I don’t think he lasts four years. ” He added, “Look, it’s our country, we want him to do well and want the country to do well, there’s a lot of great opportunity here. It’s not about policies. It’s about temperament. It’s about approach. It’s about investing the time to learn. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Thursday’s edition of MSNBC’s “MTP Daily,” DNC Chairman Tom Perez argued that   United, the Democrats won’t be able to match the Republicans in fundraising, and “That’s why we need to overturn Citizens United, all the dark money that goes there and elsewhere. ”  After Todd asked Perez about the party’s investment in the Montana special election for the US House, Perez stated, “[I]n the world of   United, we’re never going to match the Republicans dollar for dollar. That’s why we need to overturn Citizens United, all the dark money that goes there and elsewhere. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Yesterday afternoon, MILO’s YouTube channel was tagged with a warning for a video calling the Democrats “The Party of the Cuckold,” and promptly had it’s livestream privileges revoked hours before his University of New Mexico event on immigration. Now, the morning after, it’s finally been reinstated. [YouTube addressed the appeal this morning, with this: “Thanks for contacting YouTube. I hope this email finds you well. Regards, All bets are off in season five of the hit Netflix political drama House of Cards. [The streaming giant released the first trailer for the upcoming season that sees Frank Underwood (Kevin Spacey) locked in an intense presidential election campaign fight against Will Conway (Joel Kinnaman).  “The American people don’t know what’s best for them. I do. I know exactly what they need. ” Spacey says in a chilling voiceover. “One nation Underwood,” he declares. The teased scenes show Frank and Claire Underwood’s (Robin Wright) relationship straining, as their past sins come back to haunt their political future. It’s the first season without series creator and showrunner Beau Willimon, who left the project and has since pursued   Trump activism. House of Cards also stars Michael Kelly, Jayne Atkinson, Neve Campbell, Derek Cecil, and Paul Sparks. The fifth season premieres on Netflix May 30th. On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” Rep. Jim Jordan ( ) said Congress should  not “create some different form of Obamacare. ”  He added that the bottom line is he will not vote for the bill the way it is now. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Sean Spicer thanked the media for returning Tom Brady’s stolen jersey pic. twitter.  During Tuesday’s White House press briefing, press secretary Sean Spicer took a jab at the former executive of a Mexican tabloid newspaper who allegedly stole New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady’s jersey after Super Bowl LI.  “By the way, I am very happy that the individual in the press corps who took Tom Brady’s jersey, that that has been returned properly,” Spicer said to laughter. “Another bad on the press but we have righted that wrong. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Tuesday evening in Los Angeles at the   Democratic Club, while discussing President Donald Trump’s budget, Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) said she hoped Trump is impeached so he cannot build a wall on the U. S.  border.  Waters said, “We are in church you all. We have got to do what God would have us do. And I believe we are the kind of people that would do that. So I’m hoping and praying the wall will never be built and if we impeach him we know it is not going to get built. ” (  WFB) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN PARIS (AP)  —   Centrist presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron has launched a political offensive against   leader Marine Le Pen, saying her platform is based on the “hatred for others” in contrast to his desire to “calm” the country. [advertisement A bartender in Santa Ana was trying to do a trick to usher in the New Year when he inadvertently set a female customer on fire. [The incident occurred about 30 minutes into the New Year at Lola Gaspar, which is located on the 200 block of West 2nd Street.  According to ABC 7, authorities said a bartender poured alcohol onto the bar   …     and lit it on fire. ” Police said that “the trick quickly backfired, catching a woman’s face and hair on fire. ” The woman was transported to an area hospital, but no word about the extent of her injuries was released. An investigation by Santa Ana police and the Orange County Fire Authority is under way. New Santa Ana reports there were no other injuries. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com. Friday during her commencement speech at Wellesley College, former Democratic former presidential candidate Hillary Clinton had a coughing fit as she struggled to speak for several minutes.  Clinton had to stop her speech to take a throat lozenge. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN As the last few results come in, Front National Leader Marine Le Pen and left winger Emmanuel Macron are vying for the top spot as both hover around 23 percent of the vote. What is certain is that the two candidates will go head to head in the second round of voting on May 7th. [Amidst tight security and an ongoing state of emergency, French voters headed to the 66, 000 polling stations to cast their ballots for one of twelve candidates.   Photo: AFPPolls leading into the vote had shown a close   race between   migration Front National leader Marine Le Pen,   centrist Emmanuel Macron,   conservative Francois Fillon, and Communist candidate   Melenchon.   LIVE BLOG:  Saturday, The Washington Post’s Jennifer Rubin predicted on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” that the Democrats will take control of the House in the 2018 midterm elections and then move to impeach President Donald Trump.  Host Joy Reid asked, “I want to do a quick round robin and take your guys’ temperature on the likelihood of impeachment  —   impeachment with Republicans leading it, impeachment with Democrats leading it, or no impeachment at all. Jennifer Rubin, what of those three things do you think will happen?” “I think the Republicans will lose the House in 2018 and the Democrats will move to impeach,” Rubin responded. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent The Jerusalem Post reports: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s Office denied on Wednesday reports that it had received notice that US President Donald Trump has decided not to move the American Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. [“Israel’s position is that all embassies, particularly the US embassy, should be in Israel’s capital  —   Jerusalem,” the Prime Minister’s Office said in a statement. Earlier in the day, Israeli outlet NRG cited unnamed sources as saying the White House had relayed the decision about scrapping plans for the controversial move to the government in Jerusalem.  It remains to be seen whether Trump will make any announcement on his campaign pledge of moving the US embassy during his first visit as president to Israel and the Palestinian territories on May  . Palestinian and Arab leaders have warned the US against the move, saying it would trigger violence in Israel and elsewhere. Read more here. (Reuters)  —   Japanese automakers are looking beyond the industry trend to develop   cars and turning their attention to robots to help keep the country’s rapidly graying society on the move. [Toyota Motor Corp said it saw the possibility of becoming a mass producer of robots to help the elderly in a country whose population is ageing faster than the rest of the world as the birthrate decreases.  The country’s changing demographics place its automakers in a unique situation. Along with the issues usually associated with falling populations such as labor shortages and pension squeezes, Japan also faces dwindling domestic demand for cars. Toyota, the world’s second largest automaker, made its first foray into commercializing rehabilitation robots on Wednesday, launching a rental service for its walk assist system, which helps patients to learn how to walk again after suffering strokes and other conditions. Read the rest of the story at Reuters. From Douglas Belkin writing at the Wall Street Journal:[The tour by Milo Yiannopoulos is sparking reaction from more groups than any recent speaker has on college campuses, heightening tensions between free speech and public safety. “This is broader than anything we’ve seen in the past” few years, said Dan Mogulof, a spokesman for the University of California, Berkeley, where Mr. Yiannopoulos is set to speak Wednesday. Mr. Yiannopoulos, a    writer for the Breitbart News Network, has been riling college campuses across the country since last year, when several private schools canceled his engagements, citing security concerns. Protests center on Mr. Yiannopoulos’s attacks on feminist and gay leaders and the Black Lives Matter movement. His university supporters say Mr. Yiannopoulos, who is gay and grew up in Britain, adds a   perspective to a debate at universities that is dominated by the left. Read the rest of the story at the Wall Street Journal. Well, the Falcons can’t say the Saints never gave them anything. [Only a little over a week removed from the worst, most   loss in franchise history, it’s safe to say that the Atlanta Falcons and their fans have had a rough go of it. New Orleans Saints fans, who count themselves as rivals to the Falcons by virtue of their shared membership in the NFC South, have apparently undertaken an effort to ensure that the Falcons’ fans misery continues a bit longer.  This Mardi Gras float allegedly featuring Matt Ryan and Julio Jones (alleged, due to the fact that those portrayals look nothing like either of them) and the word “ringless,” just might exist and if it does will troll its way down the street during the Mardi Gras parade on February 28th: They got a Ringless Float for the Falcons @ Mardi Gras. I love my city lmao. pic. twitter.   —   Nader Mirfiq (@Nader723) February 13, 2017,  Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn Check out the latest gameplay from the upcoming The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild shown during the Nintendo Switch presentation. Sunday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) said President Donald Trump’s comments in Pennsylvania at a rally on Saturday about illegal immigration were “racist” and “dog whistling. ”  After a video clip of the President, Waters said, “That is absolutely racist. That’s that dog whistling. That is saying to people this is what is happening in America with you and all of the problems that we have. He’s using the Latino population and Mexicans right across the border to create fear in his constituency, and those people who tend to want to believe that. It is absolutely divisive, no leader, no president, should be saying and doing the kinds of things that he’s doing, just to keep a constituency together. It’s outrageous. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Hillary Clinton is reportedly being pressured to run for mayor of New York City, according to several recent news reports. [If Clinton chooses to run, she will challenge Democratic incumbent Mayor Bill de Blasio.  De Blasio previously served as Clinton’s 2000 Senate campaign manager, but according to AOL, the relationship between the two has chilled, as it took him several months to endorse Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign. Although Donald Trump dealt her a significant defeat, Clinton did win 79 percent of New York City’s vote in the 2016 election, as she remains popular in the Big Apple. .@brianstelter: Good journalism led to the revelations about Flynn that resulted in his resignation https:  .  On Tuesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “New Day,” CNN Senior Media Correspondent and “Reliable Sources” host Brian Stelter said the controversy that led to the resignation of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was “a big moment for investigative journalism. ”  Stelter said, “These journalists who did not ask about Flynn, they looked bad yesterday afternoon, they look even worse now, now that Flynn has resigned. ” He added, “And, by the way, a big moment for investigative journalism. This has been a story led by the Washington Post, the New York Times, the CNNs of the world. If it weren’t for journalists digging, digging, digging into this, we wouldn’t know about it. So, when you hear about anonymous sources, when you hear about leaks from the White House, or from the government, this is why that’s so important for us. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Saturday after Montgomery County, PA Judge Steven O’Neill declared a mistrial in the Bill Cosby criminal rape case, Cosby’s spokesman Andrew Wyatt took aim at Gloria Allred, the lawyer for 33 of Cosby’s accusers.  Speaking to reporters outside of the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, PA, Wyatt first quoted Huey P. Newton, the founder of the Black Panther Party. “In the words of Huey P. Newton, power is the ability to define phenomenon, making it act in a designed manner,” he said. After that, he offered Allred and attorneys “who conspired” advice. “For all those attorneys, who conspired like Gloria Allred, tell them to go back to law school and take another class,” Wyatt added. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor MIAMI (AP)  —   A person with direct knowledge of the negotiations says Joshua Kushner, whose older brother is an adviser to President Trump, has a preliminary agreement to buy the Miami Marlins for about $1. 6 billion. [The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity Friday because the Marlins and owner Jeffrey Loria have not commented publicly on negotiations.  The preliminary agreement preceded due diligence by Kushner, the person said, adding the final offer could be much lower than $1. 6 billion. Other parties are also interested in buying the Marlins, and Loria might reopen negotiations with them. Kushner is a New York City businessman and investor and part of the real estate family that also includes Jared Kushner, Donald Trump’s    and an adviser to the president. Any sale must be approved by at least   of Major League Baseball teams. LANGUAGE WARNING]  Following the AFC Divisional   victory over the Kansas City Chiefs, Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Antonio Brown celebrated by streaming on Facebook Live the postgame locker room atmosphere as Head Coach Mike Tomlin addressed the team. Brown, who was away from Tomlin celebrating with a few teammates, picked up his coach calling their next opponent, the New England Patriots, “a**holes. ” “When you get to this point in the journey, man, not a lot needs to be said. Let’s say very little moving forward. Let’s start our preparations. We just spotted these a**holes a day and a half. They played yesterday. Our game got moved to tonight. We’re going to touch down at 4 o’clock in the f***ing morning. So be it. We’ll be ready for their a**. But you ain’t got to tell them we’re coming,” Tomlin told the guys. Another voice then told players to “keep cool on social media” leading up to the AFC Championship as Brown did the opposite. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent In her New Year’s speech, Chancellor Angela Merkel affirmed that her government will win the fight against terrorism with compassion and denied that her   mass migration policy, which directly brought terrorists to Germany, was wrong. [advertisement Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” House Minority Leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi ( )  called for a FBI investigation to find out “what the Russians have” on President Donald Trump.  Pelosi said, “I want to know what the Russians have on Donald Trump. I think we have to have that investigation by the FBI into his financial, personal and political connections to Russia, and we want to see his tax returns so we can have a truth in the relationship between Putin whom he admires. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN An illegal immigrant deported six times prior from the United States is facing deportation again after crossing the U. S.  Border. [Agustin Jorge   a 29 of Mexico, was caught by federal immigration agents with the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency in Texas, according to News4 San Antonio.    was deported for the sixth time by ICE in December 2014 via El Paso, Texas. Now, federal agents are looking to deport   for the seventh time, charging him with   the U. S. illegally. John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder. New York Times columnist Max Fisher, in a piece titled “What Happens When You Fight a ‘Deep State’ That Doesn’t Exist,” whines that President Donald Trump and populist conservatives have appropriated the term “Deep State”  —   just like the briefly trendy buzzword of “fake news. ”[From the New York Times: advertisement The Trump jobs boom continues, with computer giant IBM announcing that it is set to hire 2, 000 veterans of the U. S. Military after a meeting with President Donald J. Trump. [IBM CEO Ginni Rometty, who serves on Trump’s business advisory board, is to announce the new plans on Friday.  The company intends to open 20 new   schools in the U. S. and will retrain and certify the veterans over a   period, Axios reported. Many of the veterans will be trained in the use of IBM’s software programs used by law enforcement, cybersecurity, and national security agencies. IBM joins a growing list of companies announcing major expansion in the age of Trump. The list includes 45, 000 jobs announced by Exxon Mobil, 10, 000 new jobs at Kroger, 10, 000 jobs at Walmart, another 10, 000 jobs to be offered by U. S. Steel, and 50, 000 by SoftBank Telecommunications, among many others. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com. Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” while discussing President Donald Trump’s order halting immigrants from seven   countries from entering the United States, newly elected Democratic National Committee chairman Tom Perez called it an “  and frankly racist executive action against Muslims. ”  Perez said, “We see no evidence, Chuck, of anything constructive from this president. Hours into his presidency he made it harder for   homebuyers to buy a home. A few days later he tried to make it harder for people to save for retirement. He nominates someone to head the Labor Department who wants to gut overtime pay. He is continually talking one way, but I judge people by their actions. Look at the   and frankly, racist executive action against Muslims. He has governed from the far right in everything he has done. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN During a tour of the Baltic states, Sens. John McCain ( ) and Lindsey Graham ( ) called for tougher sanctions against Russia Sunday over hacking allegations.  “We will be working for much tougher sanctions against Russia,” McCain said. “They attacked the United States of America. The hacking was an attack and it should be treated as such. ” “We strongly urge our colleagues to enact more meaningful and stronger sanctions against Russia because of their attack,” he added. Graham said he hopes to “make 2017 a year of offense. ” He said in front of reporters, “We believe that [Vladimir] Putin has hacked into our elections in America, that he’s trying to undermine democracy all over the world, and it’s time for new sanctions to hit him hard. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Attorney General Jeff Sessions told anybody thinking about crossing the United States border illegally to expect to be deported.  “[T]his border is not open. If you come to America, come lawfully. Don’t come unlawfully. That’s a huge factor in the decline in the attempts to enter America,” Sessions said Saturday on Fox News Channel’s “Justice. ” He later said, “No person can come into the country illegally and not expect to be deported. I mean, where did this come from?” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent NBC News has released the first promotional video for anchor Megyn Kelly’s Sunday night news magazine show, Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly. [The former Fox News star is set to debut at her new network on June 4 at 7 p. m. ET.   “Sharp, strong journalism, and the power of NBC News,” the promo promises. In addition to the Sunday night show, Kelly is set to host a daytime news show that will premiere later this fall. NBC cut an hour of its   Today to make room for Kelly, who reportedly turned down a   $100 million offer to remain at Fox News last year. Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly will have a limited run on NBC this summer and then return to a more regular schedule in the spring of 2018, after the conclusion of the Winter Olympics and Sunday Night Football.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum  FRANKFORT, Ky. (AP)  —   Apple says it will give $200 million to Corning Inc. so it can invest in a Kentucky plant that makes glass screens for iPhones and iPads. [advertisement Sunday on CNN’s “GPS,” while discussing the negative political discourse playing a role in the shooting of Republicans practicing for a congressional charity baseball game, which critically injured House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( ) former executive editor of The New York Times Jill Abramson said President Donald Trump and Republicans are more responsible because they are “benefitting from a kind of rage machine that operates in this country. ”  Abramson said, “I do think that both sides are not equally at fault and that there’s been a bit of a false equivalency at work, especially in the discussion over the past couple of days. I think that in terms of political leadership right now that both President Trump and the congressional leadership on the Republican side are extremely divisive and that they are really benefitting from a kind of rage machine that operates in this country. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN MILAN (AP)  —   An Italian court has convicted a   man and his wife on charges of international terrorism in connection with an Islamic State plot to carry out attacks in Rome during the Holy Year in 2016. [advertisement MOSCOW (AP)  —   A trial for the blogger who is accused of inciting religious hatred for playing “Pokemon Go” in a church has begun in the Russian city of Yekaterinburg. [advertisement   Donald Trump challenged Toyota for plans to build a new plant in Mexico, warning them that they would face big taxes if they tried to sell the cars built there in America. [“Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U. S.,” Trump wrote on Twitter. “NO WAY! Build plant in U. S. or pay big border tax. ”  Trump appeared to react to a statement by Toyota’s president Akio Toyoda during an industry event in Tokyo. “We will consider our option as we see what policies the incoming president adopts,” Toyoda said, according to Reuters. Toyota broke ground on a new $1 billion plant in Mexico after Trump was elected in November, according to the Wall Street Journal. ESPN   “SportsCenter” host Scott Van Pelt shared his thoughts on the massive ESPN layoffs Wednesday in his “1 Big thing” segment, calling Wednesday a “very difficult day. ”  Van Pelt expressed sympathy for his departed former colleagues and noted they did nothing wrong to “deserve” being laid off. Partial transcript as follows: This was a very difficult day in our neighborhood. People we care about, some of our neighbors who have been here a long time, lost their jobs. They are our friends and yours. We value them because they’re valuable. We care about them because they’re worth it. Because of circumstances beyond their control, they will no longer be part of our block, our neighborhood, even as they remain our friends and always will be. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent PARIS (AP)  —   Hemmed in and closely watched by police, hundreds of Muslims have unrolled rugs and mats and prayed outdoors in the busy streets of a Paris suburb to protest the closure of their prayer hall. [advertisement Thursday on ESPN Radio’s “Mike and Mike,” ESPN personality Michael Wilbon weighed in on Colin Kaepernick’s status as a free agent with NFL teams beginning the offseason’s organized team activities.  Wilbon accused NFL owners of blackballing Kaepernick over his national anthem protest, reasoning that other quarterbacks being signed to backup duties have inferior résumés in comparison. “[T]his is a blackball. There’s no question about it. And I’m not going to entertain people who say, ‘Well, do you have any proof?’ Yeah, I’ve got my eyes and ears. And you’ve got people being signed who have no résumé that matches or comes close to his,” Wilbon stated. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent The Times of Israel reports: The New York Times’s public editor Liz Spayd on Tuesday criticized the paper’s   department for its failure to list the terror crimes that earned Palestinian terrorist Marwan Barghouti five life sentences in prison, saying such skimping on opinion writers’ biographical information is a repeated fault that discredits the paper. [Barghouti wrote a New York Times piece Sunday in defense of the mass hunger strike by Palestinian security prisoners he initiated on Monday. The  ’s tag line described Barghouti as a “parliamentarian and leader” but did not mention the terror attacks for which he was convicted.  “I see no reason to skimp on this, while failing to do so risks the credibility of the author and the   pages,” Spayd wrote in a piece titled “An   Author Omits His Crimes, and The Times Does Too. ” Spayd noted that she had spoken personally with Jim Dao, editor of the   pages, about the omission of Barghouti’s past. Read more here. U. S. military officials told Fox News on Tuesday morning that an armed Russian   fighter jet flew within 5 feet of an unarmed American   recon plane over the Baltic Sea on Monday. [The officials said the Russian aircraft made “provocative” maneuvers and flew “erratically” after making a rapid approach to the American plane. The U. S. military classified the encounter as “unsafe. ”  The officials stated that the Russian jet had    missiles visible under its wings. As Fox News observes, there have been a number of provocative encounters between Russian planes and American planes and ships in the Baltic, but few of them featured the Russian pilots making an approach this close. The U. S. military recently completed a training exercise in the Baltics, and of course tensions are high after Russia’s threatening response to the American downing of a Syrian warplane on Sunday. President Donald Trump dismissed Susan Rice’s assertion that she did not unmask General Michael Flynn for political reasons. [“Does anybody really believe that?” he asked during an interview with Fox Business host Maria Bartiromo. “Nobody believes that, even the people that try to protect her in the news media. ”  Trump reasserted his claim, adding that he and “so many other people” were the victims of surveillance and boasted that he was correct when he accused the Obama administration of wiretapping his team at Trump Tower. “So many people are coming up to me and apologizing now.   …     Perhaps I didn’t know how right I was,” he said. To defend his claim, Trump again cited the New York Times article with the word “wiretapped” in the headline of the print edition, pointing out that it was a huge story. “What they did was horrible,” he said. ISTANBUL (AFP)  —   Turkish police on Monday used tear gas to disperse a group of protesters as they sought to defy a ban and march to Istanbul’s Taksim square to celebrate May Day, an AFP journalist reported. [Police tried to stop around 200 protesters in the Gayrettepe district on the European side of Istanbul who wanted to walk to the famous square in spite of the ban by city authorities.  The protesters  —   made up of   groups  —   unfurled   banners as May Day comes after the April 16 referendum brought President Recep Tayyip Erdogan a narrow win to expand his powers. “Long Live May Day, No to dictator!” the banners read. At least one protester was detained, according to the AFP journalist. Turkish authorities imposed a ban on any demonstration at Taksim square, with police sealing off the avenue with barricades. Several thousand people attended celebrations in an officially designated area in Bakirkoy district near the international airport on the city’s western side. While Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) touted on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” Saturday why he is a better candidate for chair of the Democratic National Committee, host Joy Reid tacked on that what he accomplished was done while being black and Muslim, “two things in the crosshairs of Trumpworld. ”  “You managed to do that while being two things in the crosshairs of Trumpworld  —   being black and being Muslim,” Reid told Ellison. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Following the violent protest at   earlier this week, Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos told Fox News Channel’s Jeanine Pirro on “Justice” Saturday that freedom of speech is “under threat” on college campuses.  “I’m very popular on campus because I talk about free speech and free expression, and something that is really under threat on American college campuses, which is the first amendment,” he said. Yiannopoulos went on to agree with President Donald Trump, saying the best way to combat the lack of colleges protecting the right of free speech is to remove their federal funding. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent In an interview that aired on CNN from David Axelrod’s “The Axe Files,” Sen. John McCain ( ) shot down the notion that President Donald Trump is anything like former President Ronald Reagan.  Axelrod asked McCain if he saw the president as a “  figure. ” “No I don’t,” McCain replied. “And I think it’s pretty clear that there’s a difference between, well, aren’t we killers and the guy that stood there and said, ‘Mr. Gorbachev, take down this wall. ’” “[Reagan] spoke out for the captive nations, he spoke out for the people who were behind the Iron Curtain,” McCain continued. “And after the Iron Curtain fell, there were thousands who said, ‘I heard Ronald Reagan, I listened to the voice of America, I listened to Radio Free Europe  —   he gave us hope.’ That’s a pretty big difference. ” (  The Hill) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Thursday during a panel discussion moderated by CNBC at the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russian President Vladimir Putin dismissed allegations his government interfered in last year’s presidential election.  Putin said the charges were being used as a tool for “domestic American political agendas. ” “[W]e said on numerous occasions and I reiterate that we are confident and positive and know for sure that opinion polls in the United States show that very many people are friendly towards the Russian Federation, and I’d like to tell these people that we perceive and regard the United States as a great power with which we want to establish good partnership relations,” Putin said. “All those things are fictional, illusory and provocations, lies. All these are used for domestic American political agendas. The   card is played by different political forces inside the United States to trade on that and consolidate their positions inside. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement Thursday marked a decisive win for Chief Strategist Stephen K. Bannon and Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt, as reported by the New York Times. [From the Times: advertisement Considerable anger was on display this weekend on the part of   protesters across the country. Many in Washington D. C. were   to articulate their ideas, and in a story by Red Alert Politics, their behavior stole the very livlihood of someone with whom we would expect them to sympathize:[The inauguration of Donald Trump had fireworks, but for people going about their daily lives, there was just fire and chaos from protesters. A limo driver was injured while the stretch limousine he drove was torched and destroyed by protesters near the intersection of 12th and K Streets NW in Washington, DC. Muhammad Ashraf, the owner of the company, Nationwide Chauffeured Services, is now speaking out against the protesters for what they did. In an exclusive interview with Red Alert Politics, Ashraf said he wasn’t a supporter of Donald Trump during his campaign, but Friday’s protests were completely  . Read the rest of the story here. Thursday after a meeting at the White House, President Donald Trump laid out his vision for restructuring the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with Commerce Secretary desgnee Wilbur Ross and adviser Carl Icahn.  Trump suggested it was time to add an extra “F” to NAFTA for “fair trade. ” “I have very serious concerns about NAFTA,” Trump said. “NAFTA has been a catastrophe for our country. It’s been a catastrophe for our workers and our jobs and our companies. They’re leaving our country. I want to change it. And maybe we do it  —   maybe we do a new NAFTA and we put an extra ‘F’ in the term NAFTA. You know what the ‘F’ is for, right? Free and fair trade  —   not just free trade  —   free and fair trade because it’s very unfair. So all of the statutory guidelines we’re adhering to. I would like to speed it up if possible. And you’re the folks that can do it, Senator, so important. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Thursday in an interview with POLITICO Playbook, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) signaled Mexico would not pay for the border wall as President Donald Trump has proposed.  When asked, “Do you believe Mexico will pay for it,” McConnell said, “Uh, no,” (  Politico) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Maeve Reston writes at CNN:  Democrats are spending the opening weeks of the Trump administration trying to flex their muscle any way they can  —   boycotting confirmation hearings, refusing to work with Republicans on Obamacare and pondering a filibuster of President Donald Trump’s Supreme Court pick. But as Democrats throw every procedural hurdle they can think of at Trump, they’re facing a bleak reality: they have virtually no power in Washington. The party has no clear successor to Barack Obama or Hillary Clinton who can speak with one voice for the party. And there is no consensus yet on a strategy to thwart Trump’s legislative agenda  —   or even how to prioritize the issues they plan to challenge him on. Read the rest of the story at CNN. CBS News reports: LAS VEGAS  —   Vice President Mike Pence assured the Republican Jewish Coalition that he and President Donald Trump will work tirelessly on foreign and domestic issues important to the group, such as enacting   policies at home and supporting Israel abroad. [“If the world knows nothing else, the world will know this: America stands with Israel,” Pence told the group Friday night. The Republican administration is “assessing” whether to move the U. S. Embassy to Jerusalem, he said, and has put Iran “on notice. ”  Pence’s words served as evidence of the fruits of years of the politically active group’s labors. Its annual conference at billionaire donor Sheldon Adelson’s casino resort on the Las Vegas Strip has become a de facto campaign stop for Republican presidential candidates over the past few years. The RJC also drew the entire GOP presidential field to its December 2015 forum in Washington. Read more here. The Algemeiner reports: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu welcomed new US Ambassador David Friedman to the Jewish state on Tuesday at a meeting in Jerusalem. [Friedman had arrived in Israel the previous day, pointedly making the Western Wall in the Israeli capital’s Old City his first stop. “It’s a pleasure to see you and to welcome you to Jerusalem, our eternal capital,” Netanyahu said as he greeted Friedman. “I know you went to the Kotel [Western Wall]. It’s deeply appreciated by all our people. ”  “There was no other place to go,” Friedman replied. Netanyahu told Friedman he was looking forward to President Donald Trump’s upcoming visit to the Jewish state next week, which, in the words of the prime minister, would provide an opportunity to further “strengthen our great alliance. ” Read more here. The House of Representatives on Thursday passed legislation to   and replace many of the financial regulations enacted during the Obama administration in reaction to the 2008 financial crisis. [The House passed the Financial Choice Act by a vote of 233 to 186, with Republican lawmakers in support and Democrats opposed.  The Choice Act is an ambitious piece of legislation that would replace many of the complex rules created by the   Act of 2010 with a new paradigm of regulation. The bill would allow banks that fund their operations with capital beyond a certain threshold to step into a   system of regulation in which the amount of supervisory oversight would be greatly reduced. Although it is supported by the Trump White House, the bill is unlikely to pass the Senate. Democrats have signaled their ongoing support for   and view the Choice Act as letting banks “off the hook” for the financial crisis. People Can Fly’s gonzo   shooter gets a remastered release with all previous DLC included and new content courtesy of Gearbox in Bulletstorm: Full Clip Edition. [Originally released in 2011, Bulletstorm gained a cult following thanks to its    humor and action, as well as gameplay that rewarded players for creatively dispatching enemies with a collection of devastating and unique weapons. Gearbox’s remaster of the game includes enhanced visuals, all of the DLC released for the original game, a new game mode, and new challenge maps. Players can also now play through the story campaign as Duke Nukem.  Bulletstorm: Full Clip Edition releases April 7 on Xbox One, Playstation 4, and PC. Mark Krikorian, executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies, spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Wednesday about President Trump’s new Department of Homeland Security (DHS) immigration enforcement guidelines. [Krikorian said, “No longer will any classes of illegal immigrants be exempt from potential enforcement. And that really underlines the difference with the Obama administration’s approach to illegal immigration, which was that, basically, all illegal aliens got to stay unless there were some extraordinary reasons to deport them. ”  Krikorian said under Trump “we’re back to a more traditional law enforcement approach, where all illegal aliens are potentially deportable. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  A man from Austin, Texas, was arrested for indecent exposure after a resident called the police to report he was “having sex with a fence” outside her window, police said. [A police report reveals that Eleodoro Estala, 32, was seen by a neighbor urinating on the grass but when he saw the neighbor taking video of him with her cell phone he took off his clothing and began thrusting himself into the fence that separates their properties, according to CBS 47.  The woman called the police and showed them photos and video of Estala’s actions. He was then arrested for exposure. The neighbor also told police that Estala put his mouth over a fence post and stuck his tongue in and out through a hole in the fence. A police report notes that the suspect appeared intoxicated. He also didn’t cooperate with officers. Estala’s bail was set at $2, 500. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com. Monday on Fox News Channel’s “Special Report,” Washington Post columnist Charles Krauthammer dismissed the push for President Donald Trump to release his tax returns by his critics, which was also a focus of protests around the country over the weekend.  Krauthammer made the proclamation even though the   on the “  Panel” segment, The Federalist’s Mollie Hemingway and NPR’s Mara Liasson, argued the issue was still important, and Trump should release his tax returns to reveal no potential conflicts of interests. “Never,” Krauthammer replied when asked by show host Bret Baier if Trump would release his returns. “This issue is dead. It is a dead parrot. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said President Donald Trump has been “fed a bill of goods” by House leadership on the proposed House Republican health care legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare.  Paul said, “You know, I think that he has been told things by House leadership that frankly just are not accurate. He’s been told this is the only vehicle, and Paul Ryan’s been saying it for weeks, ‘it’s a binary choice, you either take it, it’s my way or the highway,’ I think he’s been fed a bill of goods on this thing, and I do believe that there’s something that could pass, that actually would bring down insurance costs, but this bill doesn’t do it. I’ve fought against Obamacare for six years, I am a physician and I want to repeal it, but I don’t want to repeal it and replace it with something that just as bad or doesn’t work. (  Grabien) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The Times of Israel reports: A rocket fired from Egypt’s Sinai Peninsula struck a greenhouse in southern Israel on Monday morning, the police said. [Though no one was struck by the rocket, a    man who was nearby when it landed suffered an anxiety attack as a result of the attack, the Magen David Adom ambulance service said. The plastic sheeting that served as the roof the greenhouse was damaged, but the structure remained standing.  Just after 11:30 a. m. the incoming missile alarm known as a “Code Red” sounded in the Eshkol region, near Israel’s westernmost tip, at the border with Egypt and the Gaza Strip. After a search of the area, police found the rocket in the community of Yuval, near the Egyptian border, in a greenhouse where tomatoes were being grown. Read more here. On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher stated that the Syria conflict was “tricky” for President Trump because “If Trump does the wrong thing, Putin might not   him. ” And that for Trump “the temptation to use his new toys” in launching the strike on Syria “was too much. ”  Maher said, “Now, this is very tricky for Donald Trump, because the Syrian regime, of course, is propped up by Russia, and Russia does not want us bombing there. If Trump does the wrong thing, Putin might not   him. So  —   but, you know what, the temptation to use his new toys was too much. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett During a Friday HBO “Real Time” conversation with Sen. Ben Sasse ( ) host Bill Maher joked that he is not a “house n**ga” when the senator suggested he come work in the fields of Nebraska.  Partial transcript as follows: MAHER: Halloween used to be a kid thing. SASSE: It’s not anymore? MAHER: Not out here. Adults dress up for Halloween. They don’t do that in Nebraska? SASSE: It’s frowned upon. Yeah, we don’t do that quite as much. MAHER: I’ve got to get to Nebraska more. SASSE: You’re welcome. We’d love to have you work in the fields for us. MAHER: Work in the fields? Senator, I’m a house nigga [applause]. It’s a joke! Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent 92 percent of   activists in Berlin, Germany, live with their parents, while one in three are unemployed, according to a report by Bild. [The data was based off of 873 political activists, who had been investigated by authorities between 2003 and 2013. 84% of those investigated were men, while 73% were between the ages of 18 and 29.  In Germany, 77% of those who considered themselves very right wing also claimed to be satisfied in bed, while 71% of very left wing people claimed to have the same sexual satisfaction. In all five participating countries (Sweden, Germany, France, Denmark, and Britain) very right wing people had the highest level of sexual satisfaction, whilst very left wing people tended to have the lowest on average. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook. BUDAPEST, Hungary (AP)  —   Hungary’s Constitutional Court has repealed a ban by a village led by a   mayor on the construction of mosques and headscarves like burkas and chadors worn by Muslim women. [The court said Wednesday that the ban, also outlawing the activity of muezzins, infringed on freedoms of religion and speech.  The measure had been in place since November in the village of Asotthalom, on the Serbian border, led by Mayor Laszlo Toroczkai of the   Jobbik party. Before Hungary built fences on its borders with Serbia and Croatia in late 2015, Asotthalom was a frequent point of entry into Hungary for migrants and refugees on their way to Western Europe. Last year, Toroczkai said the ordinance was adopted to defend the village’s “community and traditions. ” Wednesday at the White House in an interview with ABC’s David Muir, President Donald Trump said that Mexico will reimburse the United States for the cost of the border wall and construction will start in “months. ”  Trump said, “Ultimately, it will come out of what’s happening with Mexico. We are going to be starting those negotiations relatively soon. And we will be in a form reimbursed by Mexico, which I’ve always said. ” He continued, “I’m just telling you there will be a payment. It will be in a form, perhaps a complicated form. You have to understand what I’m doing is good for the United States. It’s also going to be good for Mexico. We want to have a very stable, very solid Mexico. ” When asked when construction will begin Trump said, “As soon as we can, as soon as we can physically do it  …    I would say in months, yeah. I would say in months  —   certainly planning is starting immediately. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Ynetnews reports: The crisis in Syria hasn’t been ignored by Israel. Various Israeli youth movements, including the Youth Federation for Working and Studying, The Dror Movement, and the committed for the fight against genocide are leading a wide scale operation to collect winter clothes for Syrian refugees. [The operation, codenamed “Human Warmth,” has opened up 15 collection centers around the country where Israelis can go and donate winter clothes. The centers are in Druze, Arab, and Jewish communities.  The winter clothes will then go off to the Syrians who are in need of assistance. Read more here. Friday on CNN’s “At This Hour” Sen. John McCain ( ) said Mexico paying back the United States for a border wall is “not a viable option. ”  Partial transcript as follows: MCCAIN: If you only build a wall, only a wall, without using technology individuals and drones, observation, et cetera, you’re not going to secure the border. REPORTER: Obviously he’s talking about having Mexico pay for it. Do you think that’s a viable option? MCCAIN: No. REPORTER: Why do you say that? MCCAIN: Because it’s not a viable option. REPORTER: Taxpayers could be left with the bill. MCCAIN: Taxpayers are paying a lot of money right now, one of the biggest problems we have is the enforcement of existing law. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Wednesday on CBS’s “The Late Show,” host Stephen Colbert mocked MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow for her lengthy tease a night earlier that led up to the release of President Donald Trump’s 2005 tax forms.  “I hold in my hand something very significant,” Colbert said. “It is a joke  —   a joke that we have confirmed has been heard by Donald Trump. We believe this is the first time any joke dealing with Donald Trump has been released. ” Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Pelosi: ”The president. ..is expressing a sign of weakness. He’s saying ’I can’t control our borders. I have to build a wall. ’” #MTP pic. twitter.  Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) said President Donald Trump’s proposed wall between the U. S.  border was “a sign of weakness. ”  Pelosi said, “What is wrong with that scenario is the wall. He talks about how tall it is, who will pay for it, and all of the rest of that. You have to understand this part of the country there is a community with a border going through it. The president, I think, talking about this wall, is expressing a sign of weakness. He is saying I can’t control our borders, I have to build a wall. We would certainly like to  —   we have a responsibility to control our borders but building a wall is not an answer. Not here or anyplace. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Friday on MSNBC, Fordham University Associate Professor Dr. Christina Greer reacted to President Donald Trump’s White House counselor Kellyanne Conway saying that liberal feminists “have a problem with women in power,”  accusing white women of choosing “patriarchy over their own interests. ”  Greer added that democracy “is set up to protect white women. ” “Historically, we’ve seen white women choose patriarchy over their own interests,” Greer said. “Well, this whole exercise of American democracy is set up to protect white women, so I think she’s problematic on a host of levels. And I wonder how long she’ll last. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher reacted to White House Chief Strategist and former Breitbart News chairman Steve Bannon’s statement about the “deconstruction of the administrative state” by stating, “I’m not sure the word for that is ‘conservative.’ I think it’s ‘terrorist. ’”  Maher said, “[T]he scariest thing at CPAC was President Steve Bannon saying  …    Trump’s cabinet was selected for a reason, and that is the ‘deconstruction of the administrative state.’ Wow. I’m not sure the word for that is ‘conservative.’ I think it’s ‘terrorist.’   …     You can’t impeach a guy for, my plan is to wreck everything. What if you tried this at Quiznos? I intend to spit in this sandwich, steal all the money from the register, and burn the place down. What do you think?” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett During Saturday’s “AM Joy” on MSNBC, House Minority Leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi ( ) argued that the GOP has an “ ” and   agenda.  “[The Republican] agenda is very similar to [President Donald Trump’s]. If you look at their budget over the last few years, if you look at their opposition to anything to do with the environment, to climate change, and the rest, if you look at their   agenda, LGBT agenda, you name it, they’ve been there sooner, longer and in some cases, worse,” Pelosi said to Joy Reid. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent The Jerusalem Post reports:  Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman hurt the “dignity of the supreme leadership” of North Korea,   Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) reported Saturday. The comment was in reaction to Israeli remarks on how the Jewish State is affected by North Korean tension with the United States.[  …     “The reckless remarks of the Israeli defense minister are sordid and wicked behavior and grave challenge to the DPRK [North Korea],” the North Korean statement read.  The statement also claimed that Israel, while working with the US, was the Middle East’s only illegal owner of nuclear weapons  …     The statement threatened Israel and anyone who “dares hurt the dignity of its supreme leadership,” with “merciless,   punishment. ” Read the full story. CLEVELAND (AP)  —   The man who randomly killed a Cleveland retiree and posted video of the crime on Facebook shot himself to death on Tuesday in Pennsylvania, police said. [advertisement John Carney, economics and finance editor for Breitbart News, joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday to discuss multiple topics, including news that certain stores, including Nordstrom, are cutting Ivanka Trump’s fashion line. “Ostensibly, it’s because of lagging sales,” said Marlow. [“I suspect it’s all politics,” said Carney, adding, “Even when Donald Trump was running for president, we saw Macy’s drop his clothing line. We saw NBC turn against him. ”  “What I want to say,” continued Carney, “[is] all of this just emphasizes to me the sacrifices the Trump family is willing to make for America. People say conflicts of interest they’re trying to get ahead. However, time after time, we see that they’re actually sacrificing business prospects as these politically charged businesses turn against them. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  Trump just made Jeff Immelt describe the time Trump hit a   : “I actually said I was the best golfer of all the rich people” pic. twitter.  Thursday during President Donald Trump’s meeting with many of the top manufacturing companies, General Electric Co. CEO Jeff Immelt described the time he witnessed the president hit a   .  Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Katie Rich, a writer for Saturday Night Live, launched a personal attack on President Donald Trump’s youngest son Barron Trump. [“Barron will be this country’s first homeschool shooter,” Rich wrote Friday in a tweet that has since been deleted.   #SNL Writer Deletes Tweet Saying Barron Trump Will be America’s ’First Homeschool Shooter’ https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Mediaite (@Mediaite) January 21, 2017,  Barron, 10, attends Columbia Grammar and Preparatory School in New York City. President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump’s youngest son has been the victim of personal attacks before. Last November, Rosie O’Donnell, a longtime nemesis of President Trump, posted a tweet which included a link to a video that questioned whether Barron is autistic. O’Donnell defended the tweet before deleting it and apologizing to the Trump family.   Donald Trump took to Twitter on Thursday to praise the United States Senate for voting to begin the repeal process on Obamacare, also known as the Affordable Care Act. Trump also put pressure on the United States House of Representatives to follow through with the same. [Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare —   now it’s onto the House!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 12, 2017,   The House is set to take up the measure on Friday, but Reuters reports that there are some skeptical Republican lawmakers. “I don’t want to vote for this and say it’s the first step (toward repeal) and find out that there are some   budget consequences,” explained Rep. Mark Amodei, a Republican. The measure that the Senate passed on Thursday begins the process of committees in both the Senate and the House to draft legislation repealing the healthcare law by Jan. 27. Repealing and replacing Obamacare was one of Trump’s key campaign promises. Major League Baseball’s spring training is underway again, and New York Mets shortstop prospect Luis Guillorme is already making an impression on the big league club.  Thursday, Miami Marlins shortstop Adeiny Hechavarria swung and lost the bat. The bat flew towards the Mets dugout, and the players scrambled to get out of the way. Guillorme, however, did not leave his spot and instead caught the bat as it flew by his head. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Sunday on CNN’s “Fareed Zakaria GPS,” President Barack Obama’s close friend and longtime adviser Valerie Jarrett said, “The president prides himself on the fact that his administration hasn’t had a scandal. ”  When asked about the Obama’s public personas, Jarrett said, “I think that they behave as the people who they are. What you see in public is the same thing I see in private. Do they feel responsibility because they’re historic figures? Yes, they do. But I don’t think it has made them be different than who they are. The president prides himself on the fact that his administration hasn’t had a scandal and he hasn’t done something to embarrass himself. That is not because he is being someone other that who he is. That’s who he is. That is who they are. And that is what really resonates with the American people. ” (  NYP) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Ynetnews reports: The Islamist Palestinian group that controls the Gaza Strip on Sunday rejected US President Donald Trump’s linking it to terrorism and said his description of the group showed his “complete bias” towards Israel. [Trump addressed the leaders of 55 Muslim countries in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia and said they must take the lead in combating radicalization. “The true toll of ISIS,   Hezbollah, Hamas, and so many others, must be counted not only in the number of dead. It must also be counted in generations of vanished dreams,” the American president said in his speech.  “The statement describing Hamas as a terror group is rejected and is a distortion of our image and shows a complete bias to the Zionist occupation (Israel),” Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhoum said in a statement. Read more here. NBA Hall of Fame’s Dennis Rodman arrived in North Korea Tuesday morning for a trip he says he hopes will “open a door” for his former “Celebrity Apprentice” boss  —   President Donald Trump.  “I’m just here to see some friends and have a good time,” Rodman told a reporter at the Pyongyang airport. Rodman, who last visited North Korea in 2014, is friends with both President Trump and North Korean dictator Kim  . The   champion believes Trump is “happy” with his trip. “Well, I’m pretty sure he’s pretty much happy with the fact that I’m over here trying to accomplish something that we both need,” Rodman said. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Haaretz reports: The purchase of alcoholic beverages, cigar boxes worth thousands of shekels, a regular and frequent practice funding the prime minister’s lifestyle  —   and the involvement of a key figure, in the person of businessman and movie producer Arnon Milchan (pictured). [These are new details that have been obtained by Haaretz about the police investigation of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu over perks that he is alleged to have received in the secondary of the two cases that the police are pursuing against him.  Haaretz has learned that Milchan, who is one of Hollywood’s most prominent producers and a man who owns a 9.  stake in Israeli Channel 10 television, is allegedly one of the main individuals who purportedly bestowed the prime minister with gifts and other perks. Milchan has produced a large number of films, from “Dizengoff 99” in the late 1970s to “Pretty Woman” in 1990. Read more here. Fox News Channel’s Jeanine Pirro went after the GOP establishment Saturday on “Justice. ”  Pirro accused the establishment Republicans leaders of watching the Democrats “railroad their president, and then urged them to prove their loyalty by convincing everyone that they are not in on the “effort to take down” President Donald Trump. “The Republican establishment not fighting for the    as day after day they watch him being savaged, forcing him to defend himself and run the country. Think about it. If he’s knocked out, the succession is clear and things go back to the way they were,” Pirro said. “You’re in power, damn it!” she later exclaimed. “Do something, pass something, cut this kumbaya crap, put on your big boy pants and act like you’re in power, act like you give a damn! And more importantly, convince us that you are not in on the effort to take down the president of the United States. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent The Times of Israel reports: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Tuesday said that Israel must maintain its military control over the West Bank in the event of a peace agreement with the Palestinians. [“The idea that we can give up territory and achieve peace is not right,” Netanyahu told Army Radio in a   holiday interview. “In order to assure our existence we need to have military and security control over all of the territory west of the Jordan [River],” he said, reaffirming his commitment to a policy that is rejected by Palestinians, who seek a full Israeli withdrawal from the territory.  In the radio interview, Netanyahu asserted the root of the conflict lies not with Israeli settlements in the West Bank, but rather in Palestinian intransigence regarding recognition of Jewish rights to any part of the land. Read more here. Mark Krikorian, the executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies, spoke about President Trump’s executive actions on the border and immigration with Breitbart News Daily host Alex Marlow Thursday. [While calling Trump’s early actions on immigration “outstanding,” Krikorian said, “The border wall is going to be less problematic” compared to efforts to push back against “sanctuary cities. ” Trump “has all the authority he needs” to build the wall, said Krikorian.  “Bringing sanctuary cities to heel is going to be much more difficult because cutting off some of their Justice Department grants is not going to do it for at least a lot of the big ones: New York, Los Angeles, Chicago. They’ve already said they don’t care they’ll take the hit. Their first goal is protecting illegal aliens. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  Tuesday on Politico’s “Off Message” podcast, Gov. Terry McAuliffe ( ) said it was time for the Democratic Party “to move on” from Hillary Clinton.  McAuliffe said, “I think you have got to move forward,” adding, “my advice would be we have just got to move on. ” Discussing the reasons for Clinton’s presidential election loss and Russia’s involvement, he added, “So, that awareness has to be raised, has to be analyzed, has to be fixed, and I think there are enough people. My advice would be to Hillary  —   there’s enough people that will do that and get that information out. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN  Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) accidentally referred to President Donald Trump as former President George W. Bush and then said she prayed Bush was president again.  Pelosi said, “And winning means winning for the American people. That either we win or whoever wins understands the priorities of the American people. And they are not what President Bush  —   excuse me. I’m so sorry, President Bush. I never thought I would pray for the day that you were president again. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN “Saturday Night Live” returned this week, wasting no time mocking   Donald Trump in the cold open over his press conference earlier this week.  Trump, played by Alec Baldwin, took questions from the media about blog rumors saying he received “golden showers” from prostitutes while he was in Russia. “I’d like to ask you about your big Russian pee pee party,” asked a faux reporter. Baldwin as Trump replied with a plethora of puns, including, “I’m going to bring back a think stream of jobs to this country. It’s a golden opportunity for me as president to make a big splash. ” Later, “Trump” took a question from Vladimir Putin, played by Beck Bennett, over the Russian hacking allegations. Bennett threatened to show video of the “pee pee party,” causing Baldwin’s Trump to to accuse China, Canada and Meryl Streep. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Would Roger Goodell feel awkward handing Tom Brady the Super Bowl trophy? Goodell: “Not for a second  …     It would be an honor” pic. twitter.  During Wednesday’s “The Herd” on Fox Sports 1, host Colin Cowherd asked NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell if it would be awkward for him to hand New England Patriots star quarterback Tom Brady the Lombardi trophy for winning Super Bowl LI after suspending him the first four games for “ . ”  Goodell denied any discomfort in handing the trophy to him on the stage, saying it would be an “honor. ” “Not for a second,” Goodell responded. “Tom Brady is one of the   greats. He has been for several years,” he added. “He’s on the precipice of at least potentially winning his fifth Super Bowl ring. He’s an extraordinary player, great performer, and a surefire Hall of Famer. So it would be an honor. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent President Donald Trump signed another executive order on Monday that would slash federal regulations. [Trump explained during the signing ceremony at the White House that for every new regulation that would be created, two other regulations would have to be cut.  “If there’s a new regulation, we have to knock out two,” Trump said. “But it goes beyond that. We’re cutting regulations massively for small business and for large business. ” Trump met with small business leaders earlier in the morning, who joined him for the signing ceremony. Trump called his order the “biggest such act that our country has ever seen” and said it would help kickstart small businesses. The nation’s major newspaper boards  —   the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, and Washington Post  —   blasted President Donald Trump’s idea to make Mexico pay for a border wall by imposing a tax on imports. [From a report by Louis Nelson in Politico:  A triumvirate of editorial boards from some of the country’s largest newspapers made it unanimous Thursday evening, each one panning the suggestion from the administration of President Donald Trump that the U. S. might pay for his promised border wall by imposing a 20 percent tariff on imports from Mexico. The plan amounts to a “tariff tantrum,” The New York Times wrote in its editorial, while The Wall Street Journal labeled the   administration’s efforts at international negotiations “amateur hour. ” Trump’s rhetoric, wrote the Washington Post, is “a stick of dynamite” inserted into   relationship that politicians from both countries have worked years to build. Read the rest here.  Tuesday at the White House, President Donald Trump was asked if he had a message former FBI Director James Comey, who is set to testify Thursday before a U. S. Senate committee.  Trump said of Comey, “I wish him luck” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN    Donald Trump and Vice   Mike Pence plan to be briefed on the alleged Russia hacking situation later this week, according to Trump’s spokesman Sean Spicer. [“Once the final report on the current situation in Russia is made final by the intelligence community, they have asked for a briefing from senior members of the intelligence community,” Spicer explained to reporters on Tuesday morning, adding that they expect the briefing to happen later this week after the current President of the United States is debriefed.  President Obama ordered the investigation. Trump and Pence began Tuesday with a presidential daily briefing and a national security briefing in New York. The search to fill cabinet posts continues on Tuesday, as Trump will meet with Leo MacKay, former United States Deputy of Veterans Affairs under President George W. Bush, as well as Dr. Joseph Guzman, a professor from Michigan State University and a board member of the Armed Forces Foundation. The Department of Homeland Security was improperly restricted by officials working for President Barack Obama, says John Kelly, the new DHS secretary.  Politicians who complain about the implementation of the border laws passed by Congress “should have the courage and skill to change those laws, otherwise they should shut up and support the people on the front lines,” Kelly said. Read the full speech here. Follow Neil Munro on Twitter @NeilMunroDC or email the author at NMunro@Breitbart. com NEW YORK (AP)  —   ATT’s $85 billion purchase of Time Warner may be getting an easier path to approval after the chief telecommunications regulator says it isn’t likely to review the deal. [advertisement A drone worth $1. 5 million disappeared from an Arizona army base after its launch on Tuesday. [The Shadow unmanned aircraft disappeared on a training flight after the drone lost “connection with the ground station,” the Associated Press reported.  Soldiers part of the 14th Brigade Engineer Battalion from Joint Base   in Washington state launched the   Shadow Tuesday evening from Fort Huachuca before it lost communication. The drone was launched as part of a training mission. “Despite considerable efforts to locate the missing Shadow, it has not been found and is thought to have disintegrated upon impact somewhere in the local area,” the Army said in a statement. The Shadow is a   airborne reconnaissance system that can “fly for eight to nine hours and cover a distance of 125 kilometers,” the Army Times reported. It weighs 450 pounds, has a   fuel capacity, travels about 134 miles, and has a wingspan of 20 feet. Thursday on Comedy Central’s “The Daily Show‎,” while discussing Republicans’ plan to defund Planned Parenthood, Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards called on the GOP to “triple the funding for Planned Parenthood. ”  Richards said, “If there were more members of Congress who could get pregnant, we wouldn’t be arguing about birth control. ” She continued, “I actually think if you’re concerned about preventing unintended pregnancy and the need for abortion in this country, you should triple the funding for Planned Parenthood. That’s the work we do. ” She added, “I think it’s important to understand, it’s not only that they want to end access to Planned Parenthood, they want to end access to care for a lot of folks in this country. And I believe it’s going to cause a healthcare crisis. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN PARIS (AP)  —   Polling stations opened Saturday in France’s   overseas territories  —   one day earlier than on the mainland  —   for the country’s unpredictable presidential election as the 11 candidates in the race observed a ban on campaigning. [advertisement Friday during an interview on the BBC with host Victoria Derbyshire, transgender advocate Caitlyn Jenner said she was considering running for office to promote LGBT issues from within the Republican Party.  When asked about going into politics, Jenner said, “I have been asked that question quite a bit, to be honest with you over the next year I’m looking into it. I want to know, and I have to be very smart about this —  where can I do a better job for my community, in bringing the Republican Party around when it comes to all LGBT issues? Is it from the outside? Kind of working on the outside and in the perimeter and working with everybody to get the Republicans to change their thinking? Or is it better off being on the inside and actually running for a Congress or Senate seat or whatever it may be? Can I do more good there? And those are the things that I am evaluating. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN National Immigration Law Center executive director Marielena Hincapie discussed illegal immigration Saturday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy. ”  Hincapie said Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who earlier this week vowed the Trump administration would be tougher on United   border security than previous administrations, has a “very clear white supremacist agenda. ” “We are deeply troubled, Joy,” Hincapie stated. “This is a situation in this country where a man who has very clear white supremacist agenda, a nativist agenda is now in authority. He has the power now to use Department of Justice to prosecute and criminalize immigrants. The fact that we are seeing that federal prosecutors one of their top priorities is to detain and deport immigrants is really critical. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent New video of massive bomb hitting ISIS https:  .  CNN aired footage Friday of the    or “Massive Ordnance Air Blast,” dropped Thursday on the Islamic State in Afghanistan.  The bomb, also known as the “Mother of All Bombs,” reportedly killed 36 ISIS militants while targeting the terror group’s complex network of tunnels and caves.   is the U. S.’s largest   bomb ever used in combat. Thursday marks the first time it has ever been used outside of testing. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo House Minority Leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi ( ) Saturday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” called on “some adults in the Republican Party” stand up to President Donald Trump and tell him that he is “bringing dishonor” to the presidency.  “[W]e have a crazy system here where we have a president who is tweeting things on the basis of very little knowledge, but that isn’t a problem for him,” Pelosi told host Joy Reid. “So, really I think that there should be some adults in the Republican Party who would say, ‘Please, you bring dishonor to the office of the president by making it look like it’s a personal acquisition of yours.’ No, it is a public responsibility. Honor it. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Thursday at a press conference addressing the possible controversies regarding his association with the Trump presidential campaign,  Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced he would recuse himself from any federal investigations involving the 2016 election.  Sessions said, “I have recused myself in the matters that deal with the Trump campaign. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN (Reuters)  —   The Central Intelligence Agency on Wednesday unveiled revised rules for collecting, analyzing and storing information on American citizens, updating the rules for the information age and publishing them in full for the first time. [The guidelines are designed “in a manner that protects the privacy and civil rights of the American people,” CIA General Counsel Caroline Krass told a briefing at the agency’s headquarters in Langley, Virginia.  The new rules were released amid continued public discomfort over the government’s surveillance powers, an issue that gained prominence following revelations in 2013 by former government contractor Edward Snowden that the National Security Agency (NSA) secretly collected the communications data of millions of ordinary Americans. Read the rest of the story at Reuters. A new Rasmussen poll shows that most Americans still regard fatherhood as a man’s most important duty. [In this Rasmussen survey, 70 percent of adults agree with the statement that “being a father as the most important role for a man to fill in today’s role. ” The online survey of 1, 000 American adults took place June 14 —  15. It has a 95 percent confidence interval, and a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percent.  The polling company’s article discussing its survey does not provide a comparison for previous years’ data, so it is not clear how these attitudes have changed —  if at all —  from before modern social debates on the issues implicating by the term “father. ” Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski. While discussing the Republican health care plan at a live Facebook event, Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said Senate Republicans were “cowardly. ”  Sanders said, “Our Republican colleagues are so cowardly, are so frightful that the American people will learn what’s in their legislation, that they refuse to have one hearing, one open discussion, about it. ” (  Grabien) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN LONDON (AP)  —   Royal Air Force fighter jets escorted a Pakistani civilian airliner to Stansted Airport near London on Tuesday after a passenger became disruptive, police and the British military said. [advertisement President Donald J. Trump is already tired of the leaks coming from his administration, and vows to catch those involved in the “criminal act. ”[“The spotlight has finally been put on the   leakers! They will be caught! ,” he wrote on Twitter on Thursday morning.  Trump reacted to ongoing news stories surrounding the resignation of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, after intelligence sources leaked transcripts of his phone calls with Russian officials. “Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years,” Trump added. “Failing New York Times (and others) must apologize!” On Wednesday, Trump described the leaks as a “criminal act” during a press conference with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. “It’s a criminal act, and it’s been going on for a long time before me, but now it’s really going on,” he said.  There will be nine confirmation hearings for   Donald Trump’s cabinet nominees this week, according to Trump’s spokesman Sean Spicer. [“The Trump cabinet nominees understand how to lead organizations to success and I think you can see this reflected in their approaches to hearings regarding this week. They’re listening, they’re learning, they’re preparing,” Spicer told reporters on Monday morning.  The confirmation hearing schedule this week is as follows: “It’s obviously going to be a big week on Capitol Hill,” Spicer declared. The Jerusalem Post reports: The military trainer that shot and killed the terrorist who rammed his truck into a group of people killing four in Jerusalem’s Armon Hanatziv neighborhood on Sunday said that IDF soldiers on the scene were hesitant to shoot due in part to the conviction of IDF soldier Elor Azaria on manslaughter charges. [The military trainer, identifying himself as Eitan, told Army Radio that “after rolling back on the grass, I saw the truck go in reverse, and then I realized that it wasn’t an accident. ”  Eitan said, “I ran toward him and emptied my whole clip. He drove backward and onto the wounded again. I saw them quiet, some wounded and some scared. It wasn’t a good scene. ” Read more here. TMZ Sports asked NBA legend Charles Barkley Wednesday to weigh in on Baltimore Orioles center fielder Adam Jones being the target of racism in Boston playing the Red Sox earlier this week.  “It should never happen,” Barkley said. “I’m disappointed in the fans who [were] around those people saying those things. ” “If I was in a crowd of people and they were mistreating anybody, I would stand up for the person who was being mistreated. I would never, let’s just say hypothetically if was with a group of black people, which I am black, if they were mistreating a white person, a Jewish person or a Hispanic person, I would put an end to that sh*t,” he continued. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent   Donald Trump’s inauguration speech will echo his speech after he won the election in the early morning hours on Nov. 9, aiming to unite the country. [According to Trump’s spokesman Sean Spicer, Trump is still meeting with his team to refine the text of his speech ahead of inauguration day on Jan. 20.  “It’s a work in progress,” Spicer told reporters on Friday morning, adding that the speech will discuss the themes that Trump spoke about during his campaign, such as how to “restore pride in our nation” and “putting more Americans back to work. ” “It will be very visionary and lay out where he wants to take his country,” Spicer added. (AP)  —   Turkey’s minister in charge of European Union affairs says his country should consider reviewing its migration deal with the EU and relax controls on people reaching Europe over land. [advertisement ORLY, France (AP)  —   Yelling that he wanted to kill and die for Allah, a suspected Islamic extremist attacked a French soldier Saturday morning at Paris’ Orly Airport and wrested away her assault rifle, a French prosecutor said. Two colleagues on her patrol shot and killed the man before he could fire the   weapon in the busy airport terminal. [advertisement Evan Swarztrauber, communications director of TechFreedom, spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Friday about the FCC, net neutrality, and several other   topics under the Trump administration, as opposed to the Obama era. [Swarztrauber stressed that the big government,   mentality one usually associates with liberals and Democrats often confounded private sector efforts to advance Internet and broadband technology during the Obama administration.  “There’s a lot that can be done” with the change in administration, suggested Swarztrauber. “And the FCC can play a positive role. It can be an ally to companies and consumers, rather than just trying to regulate everything. ” Swarztrauber has high hopes for   FCC head Ajit Pai, whom many see as already moving ahead with Trump’s deregulatory agenda. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  PARIS (AFP)  —   A top candidate for France’s   Republicans, Nathalie   was left unconscious Thursday after a clash with a protestor while out campaigning for this weekend’s legislative elections in Paris.[  widely known by her initials NKM, was insulted by a man while visiting a market in central Paris and then lost her balance when he tried to throw her campaign leaflets in her face, an AFP journalist at the scene said.  After falling, she blacked out for several minutes possibly after hitting her head, before being revived by emergency services. Her aggressor, a   man in a shirt and chinos, left the scene immediately. NKM, 44, is campaigning ahead of the second round of France’s parliamentary election this Sunday. The former minister and spokeswoman under   Nicolas Sarkozy faces a battle to win a seat in her central Paris constituency against Gilles Le Gendre from the Republic on the Move party of President Emmanuel Macron. Tuesday at a discussion hosted by the Commonwealth Club, Minority Leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi ( ) said  that it was “hard” for her to say the words “President Trump. ”  When Pelosi referenced “the new president of the United States,” the moderator said, “I noticed you don’t say President Trump. ” Pelosi replied, “It’s hard. ” She then acknowledged, “I’m the   woman politically in our country to be Speaker of the House. President, Vice President, Speaker of the House  —   it’s the third highest position. And leader is a very significant position. One of the things that I was looking forward to [on] election day was when finally there would be a woman who would be the highest ranking woman practically in the world as president of the United States. So it was a blow, I mean, for the country. And so it’s hard because I don’t know, from what I’ve seen, I don’t know how much respect he has for the job. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN  On Monday’s broadcast of “MSNBC Live,” host Katy Tur asked Senator Deb Fischer ( ) asked if she thought President Trump was heading down “a dangerous path” because Trump has avoided criticizing Vladimir Putin, Putin has killed journalists, and “Donald Trump has made no secret about going after journalists and his distaste for any news that doesn’t agree with him here. ”  Tur asked, “Why  —   what is your sense of why this president is going above and beyond, bending over backwards, if you will, to stay away from criticizing the Russian president? And it’s almost  —   give him an excuse. As we know, there’s, since 2000, been a couple dozen suspicious deaths of journalists in Russia who came out against the government there. Donald Trump has made no secret about going after journalists and his distaste for any news that doesn’t agree with him here. Do you find that this is a dangerous path he is heading down?” (  NewsBusters) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Fight to liberate Italy as a WWII Allied sniper in singleplayer,   and multiplayer in Sniper Elite 4, coming to Xbox One, Playstation 4, and PC on February 14. Times of Israel reports: With the evacuation of the Amona outpost looming, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman on Tuesday approved the construction of around 3, 000 new homes in the West Bank, some of them outside settlement blocs Israel hopes to keep in a future peace deal with the Palestinians. [The decision came a week after Israel approved the construction of 566 housing units in East Jerusalem and 2, 500 homes in the West Bank.  In a statement, the Defense Ministry said the new construction “comes as part of a return to normal life in Judea and Samaria, as well as conduct which provides real solutions to housing and living needs. Read more here. Louisiana State Attorney General Jeff Landry spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Wednesday regarding Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee. [“After watching the Comey testimony and Sessions’,” said Landry, “I think that both of those put together should bring everyone in the country to the conclusion that there was nothing there as far as collusion between the Russians and the Trump campaign or those involved in the Trump campaign. ”  Landry added that he thought “Sessions did a wonderful job of basically putting that to rest and showing that this whole thing has been some sort of circus or witch hunt dreamed up by the Democrats. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN:  Wednesday, TBS “Full Frontal” host Samantha Bee slammed Democrats for their poor turnout at the polls, despite being all about #TheResistance, saying, “Democrats suck at voting. ”  In her monologue, Bee exclaimed, “It’s not enough just to yell your opinions  —   that’s my job! You need to vote. ” “For all their passion and earnestness and mad crafting skills, Democrats suck at voting, especially when it counts the most,” she later said. Bee then urged viewers to get out and vote for Democrats in their congressional elections. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent During this week’s “Saturday Night Live,” Alec Baldwin as President Donald Trump spoke with NBC’s Lester Holt, played by Michael Che, in an interview.  In the skit, Baldwin admitted to firing FBI Director James Comey because he was investigating the alleged ties to Russia. Partial transcript as follows: CHE: Your staff has been insisting all week you didn’t fire [Comey] because of his Russian investigation. BALDWIN: No, I did. CHE: Wait, what? BALDWIN: I fired him because of Russia. I thought, “He’s investigating Russia. I don’t like that. I should fire him. ” CHE: And you’re just admitting that? BALDWIN: Uh huh. CHE: But that’s obstruction of justice. BALDWIN: Sure, OK. CHE: Wait, so did I get him? Is this all over? Oh, no, I didn’t? Nothing matters? Absolutely nothing matters anymore? All right. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” interim chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee Donna Brazile said   Donald Trump has “enormous,” opportunity to find common ground with Democrats in Washington, D. C.  Brazile said, “If it’s ‘my way or the highway,’ what you’re going to see again is another round of gridlock in Washington, D. C. You’re going to see retribution and retaliation. He has an enormous opportunity as every president in the first 100 days to show that, you know, he’s eager to find common ground, to meet with, you know, Democrats, Chuck Schumer. I mean Chuck Schumer knows Donald Trump, both New Yorkers. Have him over for breakfast, have him over for afternoon tea and see if you can find some common ground. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN BELGRADE, Serbia (AP)  —   Serbian officials warned on Friday of another war in the Balkans if Albanians try to form a joint state with Kosovo in the   European region and the West does not reject such a plan.    The Jerusalem Post reports: Culture and Sport Minister Miri Regev has made public her pleasure that US President Barack Obama is soon leaving office. [In an interview with Army Radio on Sunday, Regev said “thank God that Obama is finishing his term. ”  “In Obama’s world view we have moved closer to peace, but during his term we have just gotten further from it,” she said, adding that “there have been more and more terror attacks in Berlin, Orlando and yesterday in Turkey, what does any of this have to do with the [Israeli] settlements?” Read more here. Arrest. Kushner. Now.   No matter what was the true purpose of his bid to use Russian Spy Communications pic. twitter.  Wednesday on his GQ Magazine web show, liberal commentator Keith Olbermann called for the “immediate arrest” of White House senior adviser Jared Kushner.  Referencing a Washington Post report on alleged communications between Kushner and Russians, Olbermann said, “I call for the immediate arrest of Jared Kushner. If he should not be suspected of money laundering, racketeering, and influence peddling, then he should be suspected of obstruction of justice and espionage and possibly worse. There is no other option that can be reasonably entertained. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher stated, “Trump’s stormtroopers are pulling    Mexican kids out of classrooms to send them back to Mexico. ”  Maher reacted to Caitlyn Jenner’s criticism of Trump’s policies on transgenderism in schools by stating, “I love the   of this, where she draws the line. You know, Bruce Jenner was an idiot, adding tits didn’t make him a genius. Really, Trump’s stormtroopers are pulling    Mexican kids out of classrooms to send them back to Mexico. That’s okay, but mess with my right to pee? Shame on you, sir. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Oregon Ducks men’s basketball star forward Dillon Brooks showed off his acting skills, or lack thereof, Thursday against the Utah Utes.  While fouling Utes guard Sedrick Barefield, Brooks flung his body backwards as if he was the one who had been fouled. He then added an extra dive in attempt to sell the flop even more. It was so noticeably bad, Utes fans booed and chanted “flopper” at Brooks for the rest of the game. Brooks scored 19 points to lead his Ducks to a   victory. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent NEW YORK (AP)  —   Google is now directing its review teams to flag content that might come across as upsetting or offensive in search results. [advertisement Haaretz reports: Three Palestinian assailants armed with guns and knives carried out an attack Friday night in Jerusalem that killed one Border Policewoman and left a number of people wounded. [The officer, Hadas Malka, 23, was critically stabbed while attempting to reach for her gun, according to Israel’s Police, and later succumbed to her wounds. All three attackers were shot dead by officers at the scene.  The attack unfolded along Sultan Suleiman Street, near Damascus Gate in the Old City. At one scene, two of the attackers were shot and killed after assaulting police officers with knives and guns. At the other, an attacker was shot dead after stabbing a border policewoman, critically wounding her. Read more here. This weekend at Colgate University in Hamilton, NY, former Vice President Joe Biden said he believes he could have won the presidency against Donald Trump, and therefore he regrets “not being president. ”  Biden said, “I don’t regret not running in the sense that it was the right decision for my boy, for me, for my family at the time, but do I regret not being president? Yes. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN During an interview with author, “Stone Cold Truth” host, and Trump adviser Roger Stone Jr. on Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time with Bill Maher,” host and comedian Bill Maher argued that it appears that President Donald Trump “and his crime family” were “installed” by the Russians “to loot and destroy” the United States of America.  Maher said, “It looks like Donald Trump and his crime family were installed by Russia to loot and destroy America. ” Maher also asked Stone if it bothered him that “we’re so in touch with the Evil Empire these days?” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Saturday Night Live featured a skit with actress Melissa McCarthy playing Sean Spicer, the press secretary for Donald Trump, who spends his press briefing threatening and bullying reporters for asking him questions about the administration. [At one point, McCarthy’s Spicer yells at a Wall Street Journal reporter, threatening to put them in the corner like CNN.  The camera turns to a   reporter in a cage protesting that, “We’re not fake news!” SNL’s Sean Spicer puts @CNN in the corner pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) February 5, 2017,  President Donald Trump plans to visit Speaker Paul Ryan’s district in Wisconsin on Tuesday, but the Speaker will not join him. [According to a spokesman appearing on Fox 6, Ryan will be traveling in Europe to meet with NATO allies.  Trump is expected to visit the   tools headquarters in Kenosha, Wisconsin to highlight his     agenda. Ryan had visited the   innovation center in 2015 to host a Congressional listening session.  Ryan won his   campaign in the 1st Congressional District of Wisconsin in 2016 with 65 percent of the vote in 2016 after defeating his primary challenger Paul Nehlen with 84 percent of the vote. Trump won Wisconsin in the 2016 presidential election by about 22, 000 votes over former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Sunday on Sinclair Television Group’s “Full Measure,”  . Jason Chaffetz ( ) said the Trump administration is being “worse” than the Obama administration on transparency.  Chaffetz said, “The reality is, sadly, I don’t see much difference between the Trump administration and the Obama administration. I thought there would be this, these floodgates would open up with all the documents we wanted from the Department of State, the Department of Justice, the Pentagon. In many ways, it’s almost worse, because we’re getting nothing, and that’s terribly frustrating and with all due respect, the Attorney General has not changed at all. I find him to be worse than what I saw with Loretta Lynch in terms of releasing documents and making things available. I just, that’s my experience, and that’s not what I expected. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN  On Friday’s broadcast of Fox News Channel’s “Hannity,” Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stated it was his country’s view that the deal the United States had made with the Iranian government to prevent it from becoming a nuclear power should be repealed or replaced.  “Look, here’s my position, but it’s my position    the deal with Iran. If I had to compress it into two words, ‘repeal or replace,’” Netanyahu said to show host Sean Hannity. He argued the deal gave the best of all worlds to Iran while giving the worst of all worlds to everyone else. “That would be my position,” he continued. “I think Washington has to decide its own position. But clearly, one thing that has to be changed is to not let Iran have the best of all worlds, which is the worst of all world for Israel, the Arab countries, the United States and the world. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor A stunning update on Friday afternoon from the Associated Press said the Pentagon is investigating possible Russian participation in the Syrian regime’s chemical weapons attack. [These officials also supported the dire suspicion that nearby hospitals were attacked to cover up evidence of the WMD deployment: advertisement Sunday at a press conference, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) fought back tears as he vowed to do everything he can to “overturn” President Donald Trump’s executive order that halted immigration from seven   countries into the United States.  Schumer said, “This executive order was mean spirited and  . ” He added, “It must be reversed immediately. Senate Democrats are going to introduce legislation to overturn this and move it as quickly as we can. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN A majority of Americans praised President Donald Trump’s inauguration speech, according to a Morning   Tracking Poll, despite media criticism that it was too dark and divisive. [The release states:  The poll also shows that Trump’s favorability ratings have swung seven points.   percent view him favorably, while 44 percent view him unfavorably. Prior to the speech, only 46 percent viewed him favorably, and 48 percent viewed him unfavorably. Big Government, Donald Trump, Favorability, inauguration speech, Morning   Tracking Poll, poll Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” former Clinton administration Secretary of Labor Robert Reich said, “the Democratic Party has not been in this bad shape since the 1920’s. ”  Reich said, “Right now, there is a disconnect, George, between a rather sclerotic Democratic apparatus which is in complete disarray. I mean the Democratic Party has not been in this bad shape since the 1920’s and a huge uprising at the grassroots, mostly against Trump. How can Tom Perez, can he actually utilize that, turn the Democratic Party from a vast   machine into a movement?” “Hasn’t been done before very easily. you remember in the Vietnam war days, we had a huge uprising. but the Democratic Party had nothing to do with that. The thing that worries me most of all, if you look at the problems inside the Democratic Party, they have a lot to do with the same sort of populist uprising we’re seeing across the country, including the Donald Trump campaign. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN President Donald Trump said he thinks that President Barack Obama’s former national security adviser Susan Rice committed a crime when she reportedly unmasked American citizens involved with his campaign. [“I think it’s going to be the biggest story,” Mr. Trump said to the New York Times. “It’s such an important story for our country and the world. It is one of the big stories of our time. ” Trump’s remarks are his first public statement on the subject since reports claimed Rice was responsible.  Trump didn’t reveal any new details to the New York Times but said he would explain himself “at the right time. ” BERLIN (AP)  —   Germany has published a timeline of authorities’ handling of the Tunisian man who drove a truck into a Christmas market in Berlin, killing 12 people and wounding scores. [The chronology, published Monday  details Anis Amri’s whereabouts in Germany, his risk evaluation and his criminal behavior. It shows he said as early as December 2015 that he wanted to buy firearms “to commit attacks in Germany”  —   a full year before the Dec. 19 attack.  Last February, state authorities declared him a potential threat. He was under surveillance by several German agencies, but they repeatedly concluded he did not pose a concrete or immediate danger. Amri, who came to Germany in   had been rejected for asylum but authorities had been unable to deport him due to paperwork problems. (Reuters) The father of the attacker who killed 22 people in a suicide bombing in Manchester has been arrested in the Libyan capital Tripoli, according to a   force spokesman and a witness. [The   force detained Ramadan Abedi outside his home in the Tripoli suburb of Ayn Zara on Wednesday afternoon. An eyewitness said he was handcuffed by armed men who drove him away in two unmarked vehicles.  (Writing by Aidan Lewis editing by Patrick Markey) Read more from Reuters here. A new slick video released by Speaker Paul Ryan’s office features Donald Trump, as his team tries to refocus Republicans in favor of his effort to replace Obamacare. [The video features news anchors like Jake Tapper, Maria Bartiromo, and Wolf Blitzer reporting bad news about Obamacare in the last seven years. It also features Obamacare criticisms from former President Bill Clinton and Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer.  The video leads up to a dramatic climax, featuring words from none other than the president, Donald Trump. “Action on Obamacare is an urgent necessity,” Trump says as the the video fades to a slogan from Ryan’s office. “Now is the time,” the slogan reads, sending viewers to the Speaker’s website. Ryan continues to press for his Obamacare replacement bill, despite conservatives who have derided the effort as ‘Obamacare Lite’ or ‘Obamacare 2. 0.’ Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” former Democratic National Committee chair Donna Brazile said she did not think the Democrats were “overreaching” with their questions about the Trump campaign’s role in Russian involvement in the 2016 presidential election.  Brazile said, “First of all, I don’t think the Democrats are overreaching. I mean this is about the integrity of our democracy  —   democratic process. It’s about what happened in 2016. To suggest, as Donald Trump constantly put out, that somewhere or a no, this is sour grapes, this is not sour grapes. This is about the country being attacked by a hostile foreign government and Donald Trump basically only caring about himself. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Thursday on Newsmax TV discussing President Donald Trump’s positions on NATO and China, which some have argued is a departure from his campaign messaging, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) said, “I think he’s learning the job. ”  McConnell said, “I think President Trump is learning the job and some of the things that were said during the campaign I think he now knows that’s simply not the way things ought to be. ” He continued, “There is nothing wrong with the president. In fact, I welcome adjustments that he makes from the campaign. A lot of things are said in the campaign by candidates that turn out to be not the way it works when you are actually in office. ” He added, “I can’t think of a single candidate who hasn’t changed their mind once being elected president. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN President Donald Trump will host the Chinese President Xi Jinping at his    estate, according to Mike Allen of Axios. [The president will host Xi in April for a political working session at Trump’s “Winter White House,” where he goes to make some of his biggest deals.  Trump extended the    invitation to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife in February, where the two couples dined with New England Patriot’s owner Robert Kraft. Trump also golfed with Abe at his golf course in Palm Beach. But according to Allen, Trump will not be golfing with the Chinese president. The two leaders will likely discuss a number of sensitive issues, including trade policies, Xi’s military buildup in the South China Sea, and the ongoing disruptions in North Korea. On Tuesday’s “Hugh Hewitt Show,” Senator Tom Cotton ( ) predicted that Judge Neil Gorsuch will be confirmed to the Supreme Court before the Senate breaks at the end of next week, and if there is a filibuster “Republicans will do what we must to put Neil Gorsuch on the Supreme Court. ”  Cotton said, “Gorsuch will be confirmed to the Supreme Court. And I suspect he’ll be confirmed before we break at the end of next week to spend the Easter period in our states with our constituents. ” He added that he hasn’t given up hope that at least eight Democrats will support Gorsuch’s nomination, but if the Democrats filibuster Gorsuch, “I believe the House  —   or the Senate Republicans will do what we must to put Neil Gorsuch on the Supreme Court. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Tuesday in an interview that aired on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” President Donald Trump reacted to comments from House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi over the weekend saying his administration has “done nothing. ”  Trump called Pelosi “incompetent” and pointed to the current state of the Democratic Party as evidence. “Well, I’ve been watching Nancy’s statements, and I think she’s incompetent, actually,” Trump said. “You know if you look at what’s going on with the Democrats and the party, it’s getting smaller and smaller. You know, in a certain way I hate to see it because I like a   system. And we’re soon going to have a   system. I actually think a   system is healthy and good. But she’s done a terrible job. ” “I don’t think she’s a good spokesman,” he added. “She’s certainly wrong. There are those who say I’ve done more than anybody in a hundred days. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor MSNBC terrorism analyst Malcolm Nance reacted on “AM Joy” to the report that President Donald Trump’s    Jared Kushner is a focus of the investigation into possible Russian interference with the 2016 election.  Although Nance admitted that it is not known if the Russians “penetrated” the White House, he said we have to assume they have. “We should be taking this seriously,” Nance told host Joy Reid. “It sounds amusing when we’re talking on the panel, but I feel that we’re standing to danger right now with this situation. Everyone needs clearances pulled in that office right now. We do not know if the Russians have penetrated the oval office and we have to assume that they have because right now the Russians could have flooded the zone from December 1st until now, trying to pick up on all of the other people in the office who may have worked with Jared Kushner who may be amenable to recruitment. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent President Donald Trump and his family went to church on Easter Sunday, attending services at the     Episcopal Church in Palm Beach, Florida. [The President and the First Lady were joined by their daughter Tiffany, their son Barron, and Melania Trump’s parents, according to the White House. Donald Trump Jr. and his family were also spotted going into the church.  The presidential motorcade passed two children that held signs that said “Happy Easter Mr. President,” according to the White House pool report. According to the White House, the Trumps planned a family brunch and an Easter egg hunt at    during the afternoon.  president #president #presidenttrump  #palmbeach #Easter #realdonaldtrump  #bethesdabythesea  #islandliving  #ᴇᴀsᴛᴇʀsᴜɴᴅᴀʏ, A post shared by Dragana Photography (@draganaconnaughton) on Apr 16, 2017 at 12:26pm PDT,  Happy Easter! pic. twitter.   —   Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) April 16, 2017,  SBS Australia reports:  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says his inaugural tour to Australia has been ‘wonderful’. The Israeli PM and his wife Sara wound up their   trip to Sydney on Sunday, meeting with Foreign Minister Julie Bishop just hours before departing. [‘This has been a wonderful visit here. You people are amazing,’ Mr Netanyahu told the foreign minister before holding bilateral talks behind closed doors. Mr Netanyahu joked with Ms Bishop, who’s just arrived home from a whirlwind trip to the US and UK, that the pair had ‘shared more or less the same route’.  Ms Bishop last week held   talks with top Trump administration officials in Washington including   H R McMaster, the president’s newly appointed National Security Advisor. Read more here. The Jerusalem Post reports: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and US President Donald Trump held their first press conference together on Wednesday. It is the first time the two leaders have met since Trump’s inauguration on January 20th. [During the White House press conference, the two discussed the creation of a peace deal between Israel and Palestinians and the potential for a   solution. Trump said that he’d “like to see [Netanyahu] hold off on settlements for a bit. ” He also added that he thinks “we are going to make a deal,” to which Netanyahu responded “We’ll see. ”  Netanyahu said at the end of the conference that “there is no bigger support of Israel and the Jewish State than President Donald Trump. ” Read more here. Saturday in an “AM Joy” discussion about Snoop Dogg’s new music video where the rapper shoots a clown version of President Donald Trump, MSNBC contributor Toure said that Trump is too much of a joke for anyone to be concerned about Snoop Dogg shooting him in a joke video.  “Now we see that there is anger at this president and he represents a lot of anger that a lot of black people have, but you can’t take him really seriously because he is a clown. He is a joke,” Toure told host Joy Reid. “To really shoot him in a video would be like, why are you going that far? This man isn’t worthy of all that. So, of course, he makes it a joke,” he added. “There is a lot of anger about him, but he is so ridiculous that he becomes a joke. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent President Donald Trump was the primary target for leftist Hollywood celebrities during the Oscars, as he, his family, or his administration was mentioned negatively fifteen times during the ceremony. In a preview clip of an interview set to air on Fox News Channel’s Tuesday broadcast of “Fox  Friends,” President Donald Trump said Presidents Bill Clinton and Barack Obama were “outplayed” by North Korea.  Trump said, “I don’t want to telegraph what I’m doing or what I’m thinking. I’m not like other administrations, where they say we’re going to do this in four weeks. It doesn’t work that way. We’ll see what happens. I hope things work out well. I hope there’s going to be peace, but they’ve been talking with this gentleman for a long time. You read Clinton’s book and he said, ‘Oh, we made such a great peace deal’ and it was a joke. You look at different things over the years with President Obama. Everybody has been outplayed.  They’ve all been outplayed by this gentleman and we’ll see what happens. I just don’t telegraph my moves. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Whilst leading a free speech countermarch across the UC Davis campus, MILO managed to take a couple of selfies with protestors who had come out for the second day in a row, following the forced cancellation of last night’s event with Martin Shkreli.[  The protestors followed the march at the beginning, screaming chants such as “No Milo, No KKK, No Fascist USA,” and generally trying to interrupt the proceedings, before eventually deciding to give up. The march involved MILO finally getting to chance to speak on the campus, to a crowd of over 300 people, where he discussed the importance of free speech and challenging the   consensus on American college campuses.  At the end, MILO and the Davis College Republican group reenacted the UC Davis pepper spray incident that took place in 2011, when protestors from the Occupy Movement were pepper sprayed by police after refusing to leave, leading to a nationwide controversy on the use of force by police. The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) released its score Monday of the American Health Care Act (AHCA) the bill proposed by House Speaker Paul Ryan to replace the Affordable Care Act (ACA) commonly known as “Obamacare”. [Read the full report here:  CBO Score: American Health Care Act (AHCA) by Breitbart News on Scribd,  President Donald Trump singled out members of the conservative House Freedom Caucus for refusing to support Paul Ryan’s bill to replace Obamacare. [“The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very   and against Planned Parenthood, allows [Planned Parenthood] to continue if they stop this plan!” Trump wrote on Twitter Friday morning.  The   effort would defund Planned Parenthood, although that part of the bill faces a tough hurdle in the Senate.   Sens. Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska have signaled their opposition to that part of the bill. Thursday night, senior White House aides delivered a message to House Republicans from the president: pass the bill on Friday, or leave Obamacare in place. On Friday, Trump tried to rally support through Twitter. “After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums  deductibles, bad healthcare) this is finally your chance for a great plan!” Trump wrote. Breitbart financial editor John Carney talked with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Tuesday about the latest economic indicators now that President Trump has taken office. “People are very confident about the future,” said Carney. [Along with positive housing data, “consumer purchases rose by five percent, which was the largest increase in three months,” added Carney. “Consumer spending is about seventy percent of the U. S. economy, so when we say consumer spending picked up, we mean the entire economy is doing better. ”  Based on the overall numbers, which Carney and Marlow discussed in detail, “people think the future looks good for them,” Carney said. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  .@ColinCowherd: Kaepernick is running out of liberal cities that need a QB. Unless Vermont joins the NFL, the Seahawks are his best fit. pic. twitter.  Tuesday during a Fox Sports 1 “Speak for Yourself” debate about whether or not the Seattle Seahawks would be a good fit for free agent Colin Kaepernick,   Colin Cowherd joked that Kaepernick is running out of liberal cities that would welcome the controversial quarterback who protested police shootings during the national anthem in 2016.  “[H]e’s running out of liberal cities  —   San Francisco, Seattle,” Cowherd said. “Unless Vermont joins the league, he’s running out of liberal cities. ” He later added, “I don’t think he’s a franchise quarterback. Seattle’s probably the best fit. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent ISIS has reportedly developed high powered explosives that can be hidden inside laptops and are entirely undetectable by regular airport scanners. [CBS News reports that following the discovery of equipment left behind by ISIS fighters at the University of Mosul in Northern Iraq, the US government believes that sophisticated new bombs could be concealed within laptop computers and may be much harder to detect by traditional airport security scanners. After Iraqi special forces recaptured the University of Mosul in January, it was discovered that ISIS had used the university’s equipment and laboratories to develop these new explosives.  Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com Legendary interviewer Larry King assured fans that he was not hurt after protesters objecting to the peaceful transfer of power between presidents Barack Obama and Donald Trump smashed in the windows of his car.  “Protestors in DC smashed the windows of my hired SUV  many other cars,” King posted on Twitter. “I was working    am ok, but my driver is a bit rattled. ” Protestors in DC smashed the windows of my hired SUV  many other cars. I was working    am ok, but my driver is a bit rattled.  —   Larry King (@kingsthings) January 20, 2017,  King rose to prominence as the host of Larry King Live, CNN’s 9PM flagship show for over two decades. President Trump has repeatedly accused CNN of spreading misinformation about himself and his campaign, something CNN head Jeffrey Zucker has claimed has boosted the network’s credibility. King currently hosts a program on Russia Today (RT) a   network. Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” former United Kingdom Independence Party leader Nigel Farage said it was time to ignore 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton on the heels of her remarks at a tech conference in California criticizing voters.  Farage called Clinton a “sad and pathetic” and a “bad loser” now worthy of being ignored. “I mean, Hillary said the same things about me when I came across and supported Donald Trump in his campaign,” he said. “I don’t think it’s worth getting angry about Hillary. I just think she looks sad and pathetic. There is nothing worse in life than a bad loser, nothing worse than somebody who blames absolutely everybody else for their own failings. And let’s face it, you know, she represented an       establishment. She almost appeared as if it was her right to become the president and I’m very pleased she didn’t. I’ll tell you what  —   let’s just from now ignore her. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor In an interview broadcasted on CNBC on Thursday, billionaire investor Warren Buffett, a supporter of 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton,  “America works,” Buffett said at the New York City premiere of a HBO documentary about his life . “I’ve said this before. It’ll work wonderfully under Hillary Clinton, and I think it’ll work fine under Donald Trump. ” He added the country has a “secret sauce” and although he said the economy doesn’t always work perfectly and experiences “hiccups,” we “do well over time. ” (  The Hill) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor (REUTERS) The U. S. military is not in Iraq “to seize anybody’s oil” Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said, before arriving on an unannounced visit to Baghdad on Monday. [Mattis, on his first trip to Iraq as Pentagon chief, is hoping to get a   assessment of the war effort as U. S.  Iraqi forces launch a new push to evict Islamic State militants from their remaining stronghold in the city of Mosul.  But he is likely to face questions about Trump’s remarks and actions, including a temporary ban on travel to the United States and for saying America should have seized Iraq’s oil after toppling Saddam Hussein in 2003. Read more here. Centrist French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron extended his lead in the polls over his   rival Marine Le Pen on Friday, the final day of a tumultuous election campaign that has turned the country’s politics upside down. [The election is seen as the most important in France for decades with two diametrically opposed views of Europe and France’s place in the world at stake.  The National Front’s Le Pen would close borders and quit the euro currency, while independent Macron, who has never held elected office, wants closer European cooperation and an open economy. The candidates of France’s two mainstream parties were both eliminated in the first round on April 23. Read the rest on Reuters  …     Starlord, Gamora, Drax, Rocket, and Groot face off against villain Thanos in Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series. [Telltale Games, the developer behind the critically acclaimed episodic adventure video game adaptations of The Walking Dead, The Wolf Among Us, and Game of Thrones, is tackling Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy just in time for the theatrical release of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2. The studio describes the game’s plot:  In the wake of an epic battle, the Guardians discover an artifact of unspeakable power. Each of the Guardians has a reason to desire this relic, as does a ruthless enemy who will stop at nothing to tear it from their hands. From Earth to the Milano to Knowhere and beyond, this   episodic series puts you in the   boots of   in an original Guardians adventure. The first episode comes out April 18 on Xbox One, Playstation 4, PC, and mobile devices. On Tuesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Hardball,” host Chris Matthews stated that President Trump fired FBI Director James Comey “for not playing ball” and that with Comey’s firing, “clearly, we’re on the trail there to an impeachment. ”  Matthews said, “We already nailed down the fact that he [Trump] fired the guy [FBI Director James Comey] afterwards for not playing ball with him. There’s a lot of evidence here. It seems to me it would take a reasonable person in the direction of, perhaps wanting more information, but clearly, we’re on the trail there to an impeachment. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett ”I think Tony Romo will be the starter in game one next year for the Dallas Cowboys.”  —   @RealSkipBayless pic. twitter.  Tuesday, Dallas Cowboys homer and Fox Sports 1 “Undisputed”   Skip Bayless predicted Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo will serve as the starter in the first game of the 2017 season.  Romo, who had started for the Cowboys since 2006, began the 2016 season injured, and watched rookie Dak Prescott take over the job to lead the team to a NFC best   record. “I think Tony Romo will be the starter in game one next year for the Dallas Cowboys, and they’ll put Dak in mothballs,” Bayless predicted. “They’ll just put him on the back burner. ” Romo will be 37 when the 2017 season begins. He has missed at least one start every season in the last four seasons, including 15 games this season and 12 games in 2015. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent JUST IN: British PM Theresa May says threat level has been raised from ”severe to critical” another attack ”may be imminent.” pic. twitter.  Tuesday, British Prime Minister Theresa May said during the investigation into Monday’s Manchester terror attack the government has concluded another attack “may be imminent. ”   She added that was cause for the terrorism threat level to be raised to critical. May said, “I said that the joint terrorism analysis center, the independent organization responsible for setting the threat level on the basis of the intelligence available was keeping the threat level under constant review. ” “It’s now concluded on the basis of today’s investigation that the threat level should be increased for the time being from severe to critical,” she continued. “This means that their assessment is not only that an attack remains highly likely but that a further attack may be imminent. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN MEXICO CITY (AP)  —   Mexico’s top diplomat said Monday his country will spend about $50 million to hire lawyers for migrants in the United States facing deportation. [advertisement The Algemeiner reports:  “When it comes to the great challenges facing Israel and the United States, for the first time in many years, perhaps in many decades, there is no daylight between our two governments,” the Jewish state’s top diplomat in Washington declared on Sunday. [Israeli Ambassador to the US Ron Dermer was speaking at the opening session of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee’s annual policy conference at the Washington Convention Center.  According to Dermer, “there was a meeting of the minds” when Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met with US President Donald Trump last month at the White House. “That has made me even more confident that our alliance will be considerably stronger in the years ahead,” Dermer went on to say. Read more here. (AFP)  —   Some 300 migrants stormed the border between Morocco and Spain at Ceuta on Monday, authorities said, days after hundreds more forced their way over the frontier. [The young migrants climbed over the high border fence into the Spanish North African territory, ecstatic to have finally crossed into a European Union state.  Their arrival comes just days after nearly 500 migrants made it over the fence on Friday, one of the biggest entries since the border barrier was reinforced in 2005. Ceuta and Melilla, also a Spanish territory in North Africa, have the EU’s only land borders with Africa, so are entry points for migrants who either climb the border fence, swim along the coast or hide in vehicles. The enclave has been ringed by a double wire fence eight kilometres (five miles) long. The   high fence also has rolls of barbed wire. An advertising blimp at the 2017 US Open golf tournament crashed and caught fire Thursday in Erin, WI.  Per Fox 9, the blimp’s pilot, the only person on board, sustained serious burns and injuries from the crash. The Washington County, WI sheriff’s office believes the blimp experienced mechanical problems prior to going down. AirSign tweeted out an update on their pilot, saying he was taken to the hospital and is expected to be fine. Thanks to everyone for your concerns, the blimp pilot is being taken to the hospital but is expected to be ok. No details on cause of crash,  —   AirSign (@AirSign) June 15, 2017,  Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent On Newsmax TV’s “The Steve Malzberg Show,” Gov. Greg Abbott ( ) said he will confront the issue of cities that refuse to comply with immigration law by signing legislation that could jail sheriffs of sanctuary cities.  Abbott said, “We have been pushing a piece of legislation in Texas that is going to pass that I will be signing into law that imposes even sterner penalties on counties. It will include things such as further defunding them. It will impose fines. And it could impose jail time for these sheriffs to enforce the laws. Oddly enough these sheriffs could wind up behind the very bars they are releasing these criminals from. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Professor John Banzhaf, public interest law professor at George Washington University Law School, joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Monday to discuss the constitutionality of President Trump’s immigration order. [Despite the media hysteria surrounding it, Banzhaf said, “This order is largely constitutional and probably will stand. ”  Citing his own analysis, Banzhaf added that even if Trump said that “no Muslims could come into the United States, that would be constitutional. ” Explaining, he said, “We have something called the plenary power doctrine that says   …     the rights that we enjoy as Americans living in America don’t apply to foreigners living in foreign countries who are trying to come here. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  Tuesday on ABC’s “The View,” during the panel discussion on President Donald Trump’s recent round of interviews,   Joy Behar diagnosed Trump with “mental illness. ”  Behar said, “You know what, I’m trying to be mean. Something’s wrong with this guy. Something is wrong. There’s something seriously wrong about this man, and I’ve been saying it for months  …    Yes. something is wrong with him. The Republican party is enabling the mental illness on a daily basis. ” She added, “You know the mental illness theory that I have, the derangement theory, I think Andrew Jackson in his portrait is talking to Trump. Like Son of Sam and like Nixon. Nixon if you recall, Whoopi, you were around  …    He was talking to the portraits and the portraits were talking to him. And Andrew Jackson is saying, you’re the best, you’re the greatest, and he likes that. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton defended Barron Trump after angry leftists started making fun of President Donald Trump’s youngest child during the inauguration. [“Barron Trump deserves the chance every child   be a kid,” Clinton wrote on Twitter.  In the same message, however, Clinton urged leftists to oppose Barron’s father for his policies. “Standing up for every kid also means opposing @POTUS policies that hurt kids,” she said: Leave Barron alone! pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) January 23, 2017,  During a Tuesday interview with Bloomberg, Harvard Professor and former Clinton Treasury Secretary Larry Summers criticized a paper written by Trump economic officials Peter Navarro and Wilbur Ross as “well beyond voodoo economics. ”  Summers said the transition to a new administration is a matter “of enormous uncertainty, and I don’t think that’s fully recognized by markets. ” Summers also criticized a paper written by White House National Trade Council head Peter Navarro and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross as “well beyond voodoo economics. ” And, “The logic of it, the arguments made, are so far out of the mainstream of any kind of responsible economic thinking that they’re the economic equivalent of creationism. ” He also compared the paper to scientists who don’t believe in global warming. (  Business Insider) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo A Florida mother is accused of giving alcohol to minors and having sex with five underage boys at her daughter’s house party. [Jaimie Ayer, 40, of Bradenton, came home to her daughter’s party December 23 and allegedly provided alcohol to the teenagers, the Daily Mail reported.  The woman eventually told a boy that she needed to shower and that he should help her, according to the arrest report. Her daughter and other   allegedly caught her later having sex in front of two teenage boys, ages 16 and 17. Three more boys have come forward alleging that Ayer had sex with them. Three of the five alleged victims are 16 years old. Ayer was arrested on three counts of unlawful sexual activity and now faces an additional four counts of that charge after the other boys came forward, the Miami Herald reported. Ayer appeared intoxicated when authorities apprehended her, said the arrest affidavit. She is being held on $22, 500 bond and remains in the Manatee County Jail. On Friday’s broadcast of PBS’ “Washington Week,” CNN Senior White House Correspondent Jeff Zeleny stated, “we’re not going to shut up, obviously. But I think we should listen more to what America’s doing.  Zeleny said, “Steve Bannon said the media should shut up, but he also said in that same sentence they should listen more. And I think he’s absolutely right about that. I think we should listen more. We didn’t necessarily see this election coming. So the shut up thing, OK, we’re not going to shut up, obviously. But I think we should listen more to what America’s doing. But they should too listen more to what their voters are saying and, you know, if he’s going to be able to sort of, keep them motivated and alive. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett On Wednesday’s “Hugh Hewitt Show,” House Speaker Representative Paul Ryan ( ) said Wikileaks Founder and    Julian Assange is “a sycophant for Russia. ”  Ryan responded to a question on whether the   should be quoting Assange by stating that “the last thing I’m going to do is start commenting on every little tweet or Facebook post. That is just not what I do with the   or when he’s president. ” Ryan added, “I think he has not received his Russia briefing yet. I believe that’s schedule for Friday. So, hopefully, he’ll get up to speed on what has been happening and what Russia has or has not done, and he’ll be better informed on that. ” Ryan then stated his opinion of Assange, which is that Assange is “a sycophant for Russia. He leaks. He steals data and compromises national security. ” (  Washington Times) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Monday on MSNBC while evaluating President Donald Trump’s election victory over Hillary Clinton, Rep. Emanuel Cleaver ( ) said Democrats are making a “very very serious mistake” taking the   vote “for granted. ”  Discussing losing voters who normally vote for Democrats, Cleaver said, “Look, you know, Democrats, even those that either were pushed out or slipped out of our ranks in the last election, this past November, are people with whom we have common values. I think some of them were not inspired. We didn’t have an inspirational or aspirational election. With   the Democrats are making a very very serious mistake. And many of us have told them over and over again when we say, ‘you take   for granted.’ And they do, and I think that’s going to come back to hurt us in the long run. ” (  Grabien) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN,   Author Ann Coulter reacted Saturday on Fox News Channel’s “Justice” to how Saudi Arabia welcomed President Donald Trump this weekend, saying they respect Trump because he is a “strong alpha male leader,” as opposed to “beta male” former President Barack Obama.  “I like the fact because [Trump] is a strong alpha male leader, that the Arabs respect him,” Coulter said to host Judge Jeanine Pirro. “They don’t respect the beta male Obama. And you see that. He’s getting a warmer reception. In fact, they probably like that radical Islam stuff. I don’t think they mind. MSNBC was going crazy, ‘They will be so upset with the Muslim ban.’ No, Saudi Arabia bans Christians, what do they care? They understand the idea of sovereign nations. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Saving face, Mexican officials are claiming they did not agree to the U. S. extradition of a fugitive governor wanted in Texas for drug trafficking and money laundering charges. While the U. S. government has requested from the Italian government his extradition, Mexico has only requested information as to his location. [On Tuesday night, Mexico’s Attorney General’s Office (PGR) circulated information only to some Mexican news outlets “disqualifying” a story published by Breitbart Texas.  Ildefonso Ortiz is an   journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook. Brandon Darby is managing director and    of Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook. Haaretz reports:  According to Syrian reports on Sunday, a Syrian man was killed when the vehicle he was driving was fired on by an Israeli drone in the Quneitra area in the Golan Heights. According to reports on social media, the fatality was a Hezbollah member named Yasser Assayed. [مصادر محلية: طائرة إسرائيلية مسيرة عن بعد قصفت سيارة مدنية ما أدى لمقتل شخص من آل السيد بمحافظة #القنيطرة pic. twitter.   —   الاتحاد برس (@alEtihad_Press) March 19, 2017,   There have been several reports as to Assayed’s role. According to reports on Syrian opposition websites, the man was a senior officer in the regime’s air defense system. At the same time, an official affiliated with the Syrian regime told Haaretz that Assayed is a member of the Golan Battalion, a mostly Druze militia that supports Syrian President Bashar Assad. The Israel Defense Forces refused to comment on the reports. Read the full story here. While covering the New Year’s Eve celebration live in New Orleans this year, CNN’s Don Lemon took ringing in the new year literally.  After debating a tattoo or piercing, Lemon went with a piercing. Kathy Griffin suggested a nipple piercing, which Anderson Cooper show down. Shortly, Lemon downed a shot and had his left ear pierced on live television. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent On Friday’s broadcast of “PBS NewsHour,” New York Times columnist David Brooks argued that especially with Israel and Russia   Donald Trump is “siding with a foreign leader against the US president. ”  Brooks said, “What’s sort of remarkable is that, especially in the Israel and the Russia cases, you’ve got a US citizen, Donald Trump, siding with a foreign leader against the US president. There is a reason why   have tried to remain mute during their transitional periods, relatively, because you just don’t want to be for somebody  —   some other country against your own government, and especially when you’re about to take the helm of that government. And there will be a lot of permanent people who are just going to be stuck there, who’s  —   who are now in a war between the   and the guy they’re currently serving. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett On Friday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,”   Mika Brzezinski urged CNN to stop giving President Donald Trump’s adviser Kellyanne Conway airtime because she said was “politics porn. ”  Brzezinski said, “Note to CNN, sorry, I love CNN but you have to got to stop putting Kellyanne on the air. It is politics porn. You are just getting your little ratings crack. But it is disgusting. There is nothing she brings to the table is honest. Your hosts know it. Your hosts look pained when they interview her. They know they are just doing politics porn. They are not doing news. We need to stick to the news. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher stated that President Trump violates the “Pay your taxes” rule and “I worry that if half the country wants this guy to be president, we do need the UN to step in, or the United Federation of Planets, or something. ”  Maher said Trump “violates every rule. Don’t lie. Don’t accuse people of things they’re not guilty of. Don’t boast. Pay your taxes. Serve your country. Don’t be a racist, don’t insult  …    the handicapped people, and other people who are not as lucky to be as   as you are, Donald. I worry that if half the country wants this guy to be president, we do need the UN to step in, or the United Federation of Planets, or something. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Even Daddy isn’t totally immune from public sector bureaucracy and delays. So we’re giving him a head start![  Starring: MILO, MILO’s trainer Will Magner, Brett Gilly, @Sadieisonfire, Mike Ma and special guest PABLITO. Shot and edited by Matthew Perdie. MILO wears Lunar Force 1 Duckboot by Nike, $165. Sportswear tech fleece windrunner by Nike, $130. Sportswear tech fleece men’s joggers by Nike, $100. Glasses by Givenchy, $350. Snake embossed leather baseball hat by Gucci, $560.  DANGEROUS is available to   now via Amazon, in hardcover and Kindle editions. And yes, MILO is reading the audiobook version himself!  Follow Milo Yiannopoulos (@Nero) on Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat. Hear him every Friday on The Milo Yiannopoulos Show. Write to Milo at milo@breitbart. com. Sunday on Sinclair Television Group’s “Full Measure,” when asked about the negative news coverage President Donald Trump gets, first daughter Ivanka Trump said the results of his policies would “ultimately speak for themselves. ”  Trump said, “That is, that is true, but results ultimately speak for themselves, and I think you see the results. You’re seeing the result manifesting themselves with record low unemployment rates with a soaring economy and I’m very optimistic that that will continue to happen as, as policies are implemented that are   and   working family. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” host George Stephanopoulos said President Donald Trump was “in a bit of denial amid these big questions” about his competence and credibility.  Stephanopoulos said, “Picking up on what you were saying, also sort of fixing problems, you have to first confront them, accept them. It does seem like the president is in a bit of denial amid these big questions about both his competence which you saw Senator Schumer raise and his credibility. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN NEW YORK (AP)  —   George and Amal Clooney are now parents of twins and, rest assured, George is doing fine. [The Clooneys welcomed a girl and a boy  —   Ella and Alexander  —   on Tuesday morning, the couple announced in a joint statement. Both mother and children, born at a hospital in London, are “happy, healthy and doing fine. ”  “George is sedated and should recover in a few days,” added the family’s statement, released through Clooney’s publicist. No other details were immediately available. The Clooneys had been living in London while awaiting the arrival of their babies. They own a historic mansion just west of London in Berkshire. Clooney, 56, and international human rights lawyer Amal Alamuddin, 39, married in Italy in 2014. These are the first children for both. In an interview in February with the French program “Rencontres de Cinema,” Clooney said fatherhood was “going to be an adventure. ” Rep. @MaxineWaters sees impeachment in #Trump’s future. Retweet to agree, like to disagree #AMJoy https:  .  During the Saturday MSNBC “AM Joy” broadcast, Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) predicted that impeachment is in President Donald Trump’s future over alleged ties with Russia.  “We are going to see who the real patriots are when we unveil this collusion that I believe is there. I think in the final analysis they are going to have to move away from [Trump] and we will see that he will be in a position where he will meet the standards and the criteria for higher crimes and misdemeanors, and I maintain that’s where impeachment comes in. Last month, Waters said it was her “greatest desire” to lead Trump “right into impeachment. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent The Pro Football Hall of Fame has done something truly great, and exclusively released rare audio from Vince Lombardi’s Super Bowl I press conference. [The incredible historical sound can be heard here:   For historical perspective, the Packers crushed the Chiefs  . The Packers and the Chiefs could have met again in the Super Bowl this year, had the Steelers not ruined that by beating the Chiefs over the weekend. How amazing to listen to NFL teams playing each other as, “interleague play. ” Not exactly a term anyone nowadays normally attaches to the NFL. And how about that whopping $15, 000 for the winner of the Super Bowl? Why, those Packers could go out and buy three 1967 Pontiac GTOs with all that coin! Kind of puts things in perspective, doesn’t it? Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn UPDATE: Shortly after posting the tweet, Hubbuch took it down and offered this apology:[   The left made fools of themselves on Inauguration Day, most notably through wanton acts of violence against trash cans and Starbucks windows in downtown D. C. Though, the foolery did not stop in the streets of Washington. Bart Hubbuch, NFL writer and columnist for the New York Post, took to Twitter and delivered this gem: Comparing events in which thousands of Americans died, to something he disagrees with, shows Hubbuch to be, well, absurd. The fact that he did this as someone who lives and works in New York, faced with daily reminders of   and the tragedies that occurred on that day, makes this atrocious, and, if we lived in a world where leftist journos were held to any kind of standard, a fireable offense. That’s if, we lived in that kind of world  …     Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” host Chuck Todd said the presidency of Donald Trump was in “peril. ”  Todd said,”  President Trump has been in office for less than five months, and it’s fair to say that his presidency is now in some peril. News organizations led by The Washington Post reported this week that Mr. Trump is under investigation for possible obstruction of justice. “President struck back on Twitter seeming to acknowledging that that fact was true, but then a source close to his outside counsel unassisted that when President Trump said I am being investigating for firing the FBI director, that was not an acknowledgment that he was being investigated for firing the FBI director,” he added. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN  Former UN Ambassador John Bolton joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday to discuss events surrounding this week’s transfer of power in Washington, D. C.[Concerning President Obama’s legacy, Bolton said, “I think we’ve seen eight years of consistent decline of American influence around the world, a weakening of structures that have been set up over decades to protect American interests around the world. ”  Continued Bolton, “The decline  of this influence has made America a much   space. We’re endangered now on fronts that were inconceivable eight years ago. ” He went on to call the decline “systematic” and “reflective of the Obama ideology, that the United States historically has been as much of the problem as it’s been the solution, that we’re just one nation among many, not exceptional in any respect. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  The Times of Israel reports: Iran’s parliament speaker on Sunday rejected Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s comparison of the ancient Persians who sought the annihilation of the Jews in the Purim story to   Iran, advising the Israeli premier to study history and the Jewish Bible. [In an address to parliament on Sunday, which coincided with the Purim holiday, Iranian Speaker Ali Larijani said in Tehran that “apparently, [Netanyahu] is neither acquainted with history, nor has read the Torah,” according to Iranian media reports.  Larijani said that Netanyahu “has distorted the Iranians’   historical era and attempted to misrepresent events. Of course, nothing more than presenting such lies is expected from a wicked Zionist,” he said, according to the   Fars News Agency. Read the full story here. Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said if the Republicans and President Donald Trump repeal and replace Obamacare and premiums continue to rise “people will be ready to tar and feather us in the streets. ”  Cruz said,”My biggest concern with the House bill is it doesn’t lower premiums. ” He added, “If Republicans hold a big press conference and pat ourselves on the back that we have repealed Obamacare, and everyone’s premiums keep going up, people will be ready to tar and feather us in the streets and quite rightly. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 84 Lumber has already released some of its ad that had to be changed before airing in the Super Bowl after it was deemed by Fox to be “too controversial. ”  In the portion of the ad released Thursday, titled “The Journey Begins,” a Mexican mother and daughter embark on a journey by foot, truck and train. At the end of the   ad, 84 Lumber directs viewers to see the conclusion of the journey that has “content deemed too controversial for TV” to be available halftime of Sunday’s game. The conclusion of the ad reportedly features a wall blocking people looking for work in the United States. The spot approved by Fox to air in the game is supposed to air just before halftime. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent (Reuters) The Trump administration has offered the job of White House national security adviser, vacated by former U. S. intelligence official Michael Flynn, to Vice Admiral Robert Harward, said two U. S. officials familiar with the matter on Wednesday. [It was not immediately clear if Harward, a former deputy commander of U. S. Central Command who has Navy SEAL combat experience, had accepted the offer, according to sources.  A White House spokesperson had no immediate comment. Flynn resigned on Monday after revelations that he had discussed U. S. sanctions on Russia with the Russian ambassador to the United States before President Donald Trump took office. Read the full story at Reuters.   Taxpayers in Seattle will soon be paying for illegal aliens to receive legal services against deportation charges in federal court. [The Seattle City Council has allocated $1 million to be distributed to   organizations aligned with the open borders lobby to cover legal expenses, the Seattle Times reports.  The neighboring Metropolitan King County Council passed a similar allocation, vowing to distribute $750, 000 for legal services. The decision comes as a new report found that the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) has made swift changes to immigration courts, seeking deportations for almost every illegal alien, Breitbart Texas reported Tuesday. Taxpayers in Washington, D. C. Los Angeles County and Chicago, Illinois, are now paying for legal services as well, Breitbart Texas reported. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder. PARIS (AP)  —   A political party that would abolish   marriage  —   one whose founder wanted AIDS patients rounded up and branded homosexuality “a biological and social anomaly”  —   is now winning LGBT votes in France.    Sunday  on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” while discussing President Donald Trump’s attacks on the press, Sen. John McCain ( ) said that was “how dictators get started. ”  McCain said, “I hate the press. I hate you especially. But the fact is we need you. We need a free press. We must have it. It’s vital. If you want to preserve  —   I’m very serious now  —   if you want to preserve democracy as we know it, you have to have a free and many times adversarial press. And without it, I am afraid that we would lose so much of our individual liberties over time. That’s how dictators get started. ” He added, “They get started by suppressing free press. In other words, a consolidation of power when you look at history, the first thing that dictators do is shut down the press. And I’m not saying that President Trump is trying to be a dictator. I’m just saying we need to learn the lessons of history. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The man behind last year’s Daraprim controversy and numerous others, Martin Shkreli, has been suspended by Twitter. [The latest report about his Twitter activity comes from New York Mag, when they accuse Shkreli of harassing a female writer. The female writer in question is Lauren Duca, who recently appeared on Tucker Carlson’s FOX News segment to debate whether or not Ivanka Trump being verbally attacked on a plane was justified. This piece apparently caught Martin’s eye, and so follows their exchange.  I would rather eat my own organs pic. twitter.   —   Lauren Duca (@laurenduca) January 5, 2017,    NYMag has this to say: “He apparently direct messaged her a few days ago to ask her to be his plus one to the inauguration, despite the fact that she’s married and he’s, well, Martin Shkreli. “I would rather eat my own organs,” she replied publicly. “I will miss Twitter but my love for Lauren will never die. ” This story will be updated as more reports on the matter come in. ... @reptedlieu tells @chrislhayes: ”we have a raging   fire at the white house. .. a classic case of obstruction of justice. ..” pic. twitter.  On Friday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “All In,” Representative Ted Lieu ( ) commented on the New York Times’ report that President Trump called FBI Director James Comey a “nutjob” and told Russian officials that firing Comey relieved “great pressure” by stating Trump committed “a classic case of obstruction of justice, a federal crime. ”  Lieu said, “Let me say that, we no longer just have smoke. We have a raging,   fire at the White House. As a former prosecutor, what the president did, in firing James Comey, and then saying he did it to relieve pressure on himself because of the FBI investigation is a classic case of obstruction of justice, a federal crime. Anybody else who did something like this would be facing a federal indictment and a criminal trial. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Radio host and comedian Dean Obeidallah, who recently smeared MILO as a white supremacist and Nazi, once suggested Mitt Romney’s adopted black grandson was a token minority. [In an article posted on CNN’s website, Obeidallah wrote, “By inviting “alt right” (aka white supremacist) darling Milo Yiannopoulos (known as “Milo”) onto his HBO show Friday night, Bill Maher could’ve seized a great opportunity to expose Yiannopoulos’ history of hate”  The only reason for the ridicule of the young child seemed to be purely based on the race of Kieran Romney, the former Massachusetts governor’s adopted grandchild. Obeidallah at one point implied that the adopted child was a token, saying ”I think this picture is great. It really sums up the diversity of the Republican party, the RNC. At the convention, they find the one black person. ”   and Obeidallah both later apologized for their remarks. Watch Obeidallah’s comments on Mitt Romneys grandson below.  MOSCOW (AFP)  —   Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas has asked Russian President Vladimir Putin to help stop the United States moving its embassy to Jerusalem, a top Palestinian official said Friday. [Saeb Erekat said he had passed on the message from Abbas to Putin during a visit to Moscow during which he met Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.  On Friday the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem used his sermon at the   Mosque compound to say the embassy move would represent an “assault” on Muslims across the globe. According to Mohammad Shtayyeh, a senior Palestinian official and Fatah central committee member, the Palestinian leadership has been informed by diplomatic contacts that Trump could call for the move in his inauguration speech on January 20. The Palestinians regard east Jerusalem as the capital of their future state, while Israel proclaims the entire city as its capital. The city’s status is one of the thorniest issues of the     conflict. Wednesday during the NBA playoffs coverage on “NBA on TNT,” Charles Barkley took a moment to offer his sentiments on ESPN’s layoffs.  Barkley wished everyone well, saying all sports media are “in this thing together. ” “[A] lot of people at ESPN got laid off today,” Barkley said. “I just want to wish all the guys and girls nothing but the best. This is a tough business at times. And you see these people all the time on television. And then you see them during events. I just wanted to let them know I was thinking about them. I know a lot of them are household names. ESPN is not our competition. We’re in this thing together. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Friday on CNN’s “The Situation Room,” while discussing Sen. Rand Paul ( ) calling the U. S. missile strikes in Syria unconstitutional, Sen. John McCain ( ) said he does not “pay any attention” to what Paul says because, “He doesn’t have any real influence in the United States Senate. ”  McCain said, “I don’t really react to Senator Paul. We’re just too different, and he doesn’t have any real influence in the United States Senate. ” He continued, “I don’t pay any attention, frankly, to what Senator Paul says. ” “He’s wrong,” McCain added, on “every other issue that I know of that has to do with national security. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Monday at the White House press briefing, press secretary Sean Spicer took on ABC News’ Jonathan Karl for interrupting a question by the AP’s Julie Pace.  When Spicer asserted the role of Paul Manafort in the 2016 presidential campaign of Donald Trump was ultimately a small one, Karl objected. Spicer shot back, “Hey Jonathan, hold on can you stop interrupting other people’s questions? Hey, Jonathan somebody is asking a question. It’s not your press briefing. Julie is asking a question. Please calm down. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN A fantasy feature film about a refugee who discovers he has   abilities is creating a ton of buzz at this year’s Cannes Film Festival. [From Hungarian filmmaker Kornél Mundruczó, Jupiter’s Moon follows Aryan, a refugee escaping to Europe who is shot while attempting to cross the border. But the young migrant miraculously heals his wounds and discovers the ability to levitate.  On the run from authorities and in search for his father, Aryan must stop at nothing to find freedom. Jupiter’s Moon will premiere in competition at the festival. Mundruczó previously presented the film White God in Cannes, which won the Un Certain Regard award in 2014. That film screened out of competition. Jupiter’s Moon premieres Friday at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson The national unemployment rate in December ticked upward to 4. 7 percent, although the United States economy added 156, 000 jobs, according to statistics released by the Labor Department.[  The labor force participation rate rose to 62. 7 percent in December, up from 62. 6 in November. A total of 95, 102, 000 Americans are not in the work force, up only 18 since November. During a press conference on Wednesday,   Donald Trump refused to take a question from CNN Senior White House Correspondent Jim Acosta and told him “You are fake news. ”  After Trump criticized CNN for its recent report on Russia and him, Acosta asked if, since Trump was attacking them, CNN could ask a question. Trump stated, “Your organization is terrible.   …     Don’t be rude. No, I’m not going to give you a question.   …     You are fake news. ” Acosta replied that this wasn’t appropriate. Later in the press conference, Trump did take a question from CNN reporter Jeremy Diamond. Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Breitbart News has released a new   The First 100 Days of Trump, providing a concise yet comprehensive summary of each day’s events at the outset of the 45th presidency. [Written by Breitbart Senior    Joel B. Pollak, the     offers readers an overview of an historic, and often controversial, administration  —   from the early slew of executive orders, to the confirmation battle over Neil Gorsuch, to the air strike against Syria, and beyond.    the Trump administration’s dramatic start, and have the facts at your disposal as you consider its progress so far and its prospects for the future. Click the following link to download the   for free: Breitbart Special Report: The First 100 Days of Trump Monday in Miami after attending a Martin Luther King Day event, while commenting on   Donald Trump saying NATO is obsolete, Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said NATO was “not only not obsolete I believe it’s as important as it’s been since the end of the Cold War. ”  Rubio said, “Well, NATO is not obsolete. It most certainly needs to be reinvigorated given the new challenges of the 21st century. But our Transatlantic alliance with our partners in Europe is not only not obsolete I believe it’s as important as it’s been since the end of the Cold War. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN BERLIN (AP)  —   German police say they have arrested a man who shouted “bomb, bomb, bomb” at Berlin’s massive   New Year’s party. [Using the hashtag “#nichtlustig”  —   meaning “not funny”  —   Berlin police tweeted Saturday that the unnamed man “is now celebrating #Welcome2017 with us. ”  Tens of thousands of people are celebrating the New Year near Berlin’s Brandenburg Gate amid tight security. Large concrete blocks have been place around the security cordon to prevent a repeat of the truck attack that killed twelve people in Berlin before Christmas. The suspected attacker,    Tunisian, was shot dead in Italy days afterward. Tuesday on Capitol Hill, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) said President Donald Trump’s proposed budget cuts to State Department funding would “probably not” pass in the Senate.  When asked if the Senate could approve the budget that slashes state park funding, McConnell said, “Probably not. When we get to funding, the government obviously will be done on a bipartisan basis. It could be an opportunity for our Democratic friends to participate. They have chosen to not so far. And I for one, just speaking for myself, I think the diplomatic portion of the federal budget is very important. And you get results a lot cheaper frequently than you do on the defense side. So speaking for myself, I’m not in favor of reducing what we call the 150 account to that extent. But we will sort all that out in the course of deciding how much were going to spend and how we’re going to spend it. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN During a report on former President Obama’s vacation on Tuesday’s broadcast of “CNN Newsroom,” anchor Brooke Baldwin asked, “can we say on TV that President Obama is jacked?”  Baldwin said, “I mean, can we say on TV that President Obama is jacked?” Brianna Keilar laughed, and replied, “Well, you just said it. He seems to have had some time perhaps to spend some time in the gym, which he did make a regular habit of that as president. ” (  Caleb Howe) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Friday on his nationally syndicated radio show, conservative talker Rush Limbaugh dismissed the notion that   Donald Trump’s inauguration would be interfered with because of those there protesting the proceedings.  “That is going to peter out,” Limbaugh replied to the question from a caller. “That’s going to be nothing more than a golden shower. They’re going to be   …     Don’t let that stop you. The Million Woman March? I don’t even think that’s for Inauguration Day. Isn’t it the day before be the day after? The it’s the next day. And be no’s gonna care anyway. They can’t even find enough people. Probably get a little bit more now that I’m mocking them here. No. Don’t let that bunch of broads stop you from seeing this. In no way. If that’s the march that you’re concerned, no way. Don’t let that bunch deter you at all. (  RCP Video) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Monday at the White House daily briefing when asked about Sunday’s Golden Globes remarks by actress Meryl Streep criticizing   Donald Trump, press secretary Josh Earnest said, “She clearly was delivering a thoughtful, carefully considered message that she believes in deeply. ”  Earnest said, ‘I haven’t spoken to the president about her speech. I didn’t see her speech but I certainly  read about it. It seemed to get plenty of attention. I think what I can say is she clearly was delivering a thoughtful, carefully considered message that she believes in deeply. It seemed to me to be a fairly straight forward excise of her First Amendment rights as a citizen of the United States. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN   Donald Trump’s    Jared Kushner, who is married to Ivanka Trump, is set to take a senior advising role in the White House, according to reports from NBC News and Fox News. [Several news reports on Monday suggest Kushner, who owns the New York Observer, will be a senior adviser to Trump in the White House, as he was throughout the 2016 presidential campaign.  Kushner and his wife Ivanka plan to relocate to Washington, D. C. where they have already reportedly chosen a new home. According to the Huffington Post, the official announcement of Kushner’s position is expected later this week. The Times of Israel reports: A    Palestinian boy on a school trip to the West Bank’s only municipal zoo had his arm bitten off on Tuesday by a bear that he had apparently tried to feed. [A Palestinian police spokesperson told the Ma’an news service that the child, from the Tulkarem area of the West Bank, had crossed a security fence to get to the bear’s cage at the Qalqilya Zoo.  The boy, whose arm was severed from the elbow, was rushed to Qalqilya Hospital, and from there to the   National University Hospital in Nablus. The UK’s Daily Mail reported that the animal had eaten the severed limb. Read more here. PARIS (AP)  —   Demonstrators in western France have tried to block buses carrying supporters of presidential candidate Marine Le Pen to a campaign rally. [The incident Sunday in the city of Nantes came after 11 police officers were injured Saturday in skirmishes with activists opposed to Le Pen’s appearance there. No injuries were reported from Sunday’s bus protest.  Sebastien Chenu of Le Pen’s National Front party said on BFM television that the protesters were “trying to stop us from delivering our message. We will not back down. ” Critics allege that Le Pen’s     campaign is a cover for a racist,   worldview. Recent polls suggest she could win the first round of the   election, but predict she would lose the ensuing runoff vote. President Donald Trump signed a six month waiver to delay moving the U. S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, despite his campaign promise to do so. [In a statement, the White House said Trump was still committed to to his promise, but made the decision to delay the move of the embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem for the sake of peace negotiations between Israel and Palestine.  “As he has repeatedly stated his intention to move the embassy, the question is not if that move happens, but only when,” the statement from the White House read. Trump’s decision follows the precedent set by former presidents Clinton, Bush, and Obama who all signed a six month waiver of the 1995 law. The delay will disappoint supporters of the president who hoped for bold action, separated from years of tired political rhetoric on the issue. “[N]o one should consider this step to be in any way a retreat from the President’s strong support for Israel and for the United   alliance,” read the statement. WARNING: ADULT CONTENT]  Friday night during his “New Rules” segment of  HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher urged Democrats to go low against the Republicans and “kick them in the nuts. ” Maher said, “‘When they go low, we go high,’ is a great applause line but as a tactic? What country do you think you live in now? Wake up and smell the asshole. Because it turns out when they go low they get reelected, they take the Congress, the  Supreme Court, the presidency. From now on the Democratic motto should be when they go low we kick them in the nuts. Democrats have to start winning elections. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN President Donald Trump’s approval ratings have improved to 50 percent according to a new Rasmussen poll. [This is the first time the president’s overall approval rating has been back in the 50s in nearly a month. Just after his inauguration, Trump’s job approval peaked at 59% and remained in the 50s every day until early March. It’s gone as low as 42% since then.  Trump’s ratings have improved despite multiple reports of staff infighting in the White House and after his meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping. Trump also approved a missile attack in response to Syria’s use of chemical weapons, and the military dropping the “Mother of All Bombs” on Islamic State terrorists in Afghanistan. In these trying times, Jackie Mason is the Voice of Reason. [In this exclusive clip for Breitbart News, Jackie weighs in on President Donald Trump’s inauguration, and wonders whether Democrats can now finally accept the results of the election, given that Trump’s inauguration ceremony was covered by all the papers.  “They’re trying to create a revolution without a revolution,” the comedy legend explains. “Without troops and without guns, they’re trying to turn over an election that they already lost. ” Jackie also says that even after the inauguration, Democrats will continue to try to “bury” Trump for any reason whatsoever, including for dancing like Mussolini and walking down the street like Adolf Hitler. Watch Mason’s full reaction video above.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum In this new Jamie Glazov Moment, Jamie says: Thank you President Trump for Naming “Radical Islamic Terrorism” and unveils the dire urgency of knowing the enemy and making a threat assessment.  For more Jamie Glazov, please visit the Glazov Gang website. PARIS (AP)  —   Police in the French Riviera city of Nice have arrested a man behaving strangely at an Easter Mass in a church not far from the promenade where a truck attack last year killed 86 people. [advertisement Friday on HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher apologized for his use of the “ ” during an interview with Sen. Ben Sasse ( ) during last week’s broadcast of his program.  However, despite that apology and a stern lecture from his earlier guest Michael Eric Dyson, Maher took on heat from rapper Ice Cube for the racial slur at the end of his panel segment. “I knew you was going to a fuck up sooner or later,” Ice Cube said. “I did. I did. I love your show. You got a great show. But you’ve been bucking up against that line the little bit. You got a lot of black jokes. You do. ” “Sometimes you sound like a redneck trucker,” he added. “Yes, you do. ” Ice Cube went on to castigate Maher for using the term and said when he heard a “white person” use it, it felt like a “knife stabbing” him. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Wednesday during a joint press conference with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, President Donald Trump addressed the resignation of Michael Flynn as National Security Adviser.  Trump said, “General Flynn is a wonderful man. I think he has been treated very very unfairly by the media. As I call the fake media in many cases. I think it is a sad thing he was treated so badly. In addition to that, from intelligence, papers are being leaked, things are leaked. It is a criminal action. It’s a criminal act. It has been going on for a long time, before me. Now, it is really going on. People are trying to cover up for a terrible loss that the Democrats had under Hillary Clinton. I think that it is very, very unfair what happened to General Flynn, the way he was treated and the documents and papers that were illegally, I stress that, illegally leaked. Very very unfair. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher said to former Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, “stay in the woods. Okay. You had your shot. You f*cked it up. You’re Bill Buckner. ”  Maher reacted to Clinton saying she was “ready to come out of the woods” by stating that he wishes people like Green Party candidate Dr. Jill Stein who called Clinton the lesser of two evils would admit they were wrong. He added, “But the other side of it is, Hillary, stay in the woods. Okay. You had your shot. You f*cked it up. You’re Bill Buckner. We had the World Series, and you let the grounder go through your legs. Let someone else have the chance. This to me  —   the fact that she’s come back, it just verifies every bad thing anyone’s ever thought about the Clintons, that it’s all about them. Let some of the other shorter trees get a little sunlight. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett The Times of Israel reports: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met Sunday with West African leaders in Liberia for discussions on boosting ties. [After being greeted by Liberian President Ellen   upon arriving in the capital Monrovia, Netanyahu met with Marcel Alain de Souza, the president of the Economic Community of West African States, to speak about how to further the relationship between Israel and the bloc, the Prime Minister’s Office said in a statement.  Netanyahu then met with Gambian President Adama Barrow, with whom he discussed bilateral ties. He also offered to send Israeli assistance to the country to help with its development. During his meetings, Netanyahu also stressed that the improving relations between those nations with Israel should be reflected into support for the Jewish state at international bodies such as the United Nations. Read more here. Business advocates who want to import more foreign consumers and more foreign workers are developing plans to counter President Donald Trump’s popular call for a   immigration reform. [advertisement .@IngrahamAngle: The ’ ’ parts of Obamacare reform are not in this new bill from the House GOP pic. twitter.  During Tuesday’s “Fox  Friends,” conservative talker Laura Ingraham discussed President Donald Trump’s proposed Obamacare reform, saying the new bill is missing the elements that Trump said it would have.  “The   of the health care reform, the   parts of it were transparency and pricing, competition across state lines, and even on the edges, repealing the McCarran —  Ferguson Act   …     where is that?” Ingraham said. “I don’t see any transparency and control of skyrocketing prices of health care. I certainly don’t see competition across state lines. And the drug companies, no provisions about that as far as I can see. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent .@HillaryClinton says grandchildren, long walks in the woods helped with election loss: ”I won’t lie. Chardonnay helped a little too.” pic. twitter.  Friday during her commencement speech at Wellesley College in Wellesley, MA, former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton listed some of the things, which included wine, that helped her get over her loss to President Donald Trump.  Clinton said, “You may have heard that things didn’t exactly go the way I planned. But you know what? I’m doing okay. I’ve gotten to spend time with my family, especially my amazing grandchildren. I was going to give the entire commencement speech about them but was talked out of it. Long walks in the woods, organizing my closets. I won’t lie, Chardonnay helped a little, too. ” (  Grabien) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Friday in a portion of an interview that aired ABC, Chelsea Manning, a transgender former U. S. Army soldier that served seven years at the U. S. Disciplinary Barracks at Ft. Leavenworth after being convicted by a military tribunal for violating the Espionage Act, thanked former President Barack Obama.  Obama, shortly before leaving office, commuted Manning’s sentence   sentence to seven years. “Thank you,” Manning said to Obama in the interview ABC’s Juju Chang. “I’ve been given a chance,” Manning added. “That’s all I asked for was a chance. That’s it, and now this is my chance. ” Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” TBS’s “Full Frontal” host Samantha Bee said America does not have a”smug liberal” problem while discussing her “Not The White House Correspondents Dinner” special.  When asked if there is a smug liberal problem in the United States Bee said, “I just can’t take responsibility for the way the election turned out. I just absolutely just  —   I don’t, I can’t. Is there a smug liberal problem? I guess you know I don’t think there is. I do the show for me and for people like me, and I don’t really care how the rest of the world sees it, quite frankly. That’s great. We make a show for ourselves. We put it out in the world. We birth it, and then the world receives it however they want to receive it. What can I do? Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, ( ) said   Donald Trump’s hopes to get along with Russia “will be dashed pretty quickly. ”  McConnell said, “I don’t think it is all that unusual for a new president to want to get along with the Russians, I remember George W. Bush having the same hope. My suspicion is these hopes will be dashed pretty quickly, the Russians are clearly a big adversary and they demonstrated it by trying to mess around in our election. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Tuesday on MSNBC Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) said she will not be attending President Donald Trump’s address to a joint session of Congress because she explained, “I don’t choose to honor him. ”  Waters said, “This is ceremonial. And in this ceremony people lie. They smile. They shake hands. They hug each other. They honor the president. I’m not about any of that. I’m prepared to interact with the president only when he puts up his budget and his agenda that I’m going to have to fight. So let’s not talk about the ceremony in relationship to, you know, public policy, real public policy. I don’t choose to go. I don’t choose to go. I don’t choose to honor him. I’ve said that. And I won’t be a part of the ceremony. And that’s that. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Fox Sports’ gamble on Big East basketball still results in a small fraction of ESPN’s viewership, but in addition to the defending national champion (Villanova) and Value Add player (Josh Hart) the conference boasts elite players. [When looking at the top 5 percent of all players this season, the Value Add Top 200, the ACC (27) and Big Ten (21) lead the way, followed by the Big 12 (19) and then Big East (16). The Big 12 and Big East each have only 10 teams, meaning the average teams in those smaller conferences average 1. 9 and 1. 6 Top 200 players.  By that count the Big East is one of the top four conferences, ahead of the other Power 6 conferences (SEC and Pac 12) with the Atlantic 10 and American Athletic (the former Big East football teams) not far behind. Below is the ranking of conferences by Top 200 players per team, with the rank of the top player in each conference listed as well. (Reuters)  —   A speeding car crashed into pedestrians on a sidewalk in New York City’s busy Times Square on Thursday, killing one person and injuring at least 12, and police said the incident did not appear to be an act of terrorism, witnesses, police and news media said. [A Reuters witness said one person was covered with a bloodstained blanket after the collision, which occurred around noon ET (1600 GMT) at the Midtown Manhattan tourist venue.  Hundreds of thousands of people, many of them visitors from around the world, pass daily through the bustling commercial area, the heart of the Broadway theater district. The vehicle was a red Honda sedan and CBS New York Television said the driver had been removed. Television footage showed police officers restraining a man in a dark   and placing him in a police car. Read the rest of the story at Reuters. Sen. Joe Manchin ( ) talked about current news events with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday. The topics included Trump’s alleged sharing of classified information and James Comey, along with increased federal funding to combat the opioid epidemic in West Virginia, and the Senate taking up the Affordable Health Care Act (AHCA). [Said Manchin as regards Trump’s perceived issues with the intelligence community, “My other recommendation to the President would be, go out and visit the intel (community). Go around to see some of the sites that we have and what we are able to do and how professional these people are and how hard working. Gain their trust. ”  Manchin said Trump has a charm about him when he meets people and he should use that, as opposed to putting people in the intelligence community on the defensive. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  Rep. Dave Brat describes the “political pressure” placed by the White House and Republican leadership upon conservatives to vote for the American Health Care Act (AHCA) as “overwhelming. ”[Brat was a guest on The Laura Ingraham Show Thursday, where he described “pressure like crazy” with both the Trump administration and House Speaker Paul Ryan’s whips trying to get the votes they need to pass the bill.  A member of the House Freedom Caucus, Brat said he knows the grassroots base of the GOP wants Obamacare finally repealed, so for Republicans to vote for the AHCA  —   which many say “cements” the primary flaws found in Obamacare  —   could be detrimental to President Donald Trump. “We want Trump to be hugely successful, so we don’t want to handle a bill that’s going to fail in a few years,” he told Breitbart News Saturday. NEW YORK (AP)  —   The premiere of a virtual reality short by   director Kathryn Bigelow was already a   event at the Tribeca Film Festival on Saturday night. And then Hillary Clinton walked onstage. [advertisement TMZ Sports posted a video of Denver Broncos wide receiver Demaryius Thomas partying at a bar in Georgia over the weekend.  In the video, Thomas says, “F*** Tom Brady,” and then adds, “But he’s great!” According to TMZ, Thomas said he was just joking and “meant no harm. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Casey Anthony, the Florida woman acquitted in 2011 for the death of her    daughter, was spotted protesting President Donald Trump on Saturday outside of his    resort.  Anthony was among the crowd of an estimated 3, 000 people. She declined to speak on camera, but did tell WPTV news that she is against the president’s policies. (  The Daily Caller) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich pointed out that no one knows who is under investigation by special counsel Robert Mueller in the Russian collusion probe.  Gingrich said former FBI Director James Comey, “deliberately leaked to a college professor to leak to “The New York Times” for the purpose of getting a special counsel. ” He added, “Comey may be under investigation. ”  Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” while discussing the Trump administration’s position on North Korea, The Atlantic Editor in Chief Jeffrey Goldberg said he was “not confident yet” that the administration could handle a crisis.  Goldberg said, “I come back to this general conversation about the way the Trump administration does things. On some levels, on Gorsuch, it is smooth, on healthcare they are having a reasonable debate, but the question is, on matters of life and death I am not confident yet that these guys can and a crisis because remember nothing really has happened yet in the Trump administration. There has been no terror attacks, nothing of North Korean magnitude so remains to be seen. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Wednesday on MSNBC’s ”For the Record,” while discussing the statement from former FBI Director James Comey ahead of his congressional testimony scheduled for Thursday, House Speaker Rep. Paul Ryan ( ) said it was “obviously” not appropriate for President Donald Trump to ask for loyalty from an FBI director.  When asked if he believes it is appropriate for the president to ask for loyalty from the FBI director, Ryan said “Yeah, No. Obviously, I don’t think that is. I think Director Comey will probably get a lot of questions about that tomorrow. ” He added, “Yes, FBI directors are supposed to be independent. That’s something that’s very, very critical. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN  Yesterday, insofar as anyone can recall, was the   White House commemoration of Israel’s birth as a nation.  With @SteveBannon in the White House on #israelindependenceday. Steve is a great, stalwart friend of the Jewish State pic. twitter.   —   Rabbi Shmuley (@RabbiShmuley) May 2, 2017,  With Steve Bannon and Debbie at the White House on #IsraelIndependenceDay2017. Thank u Steve for your love of Israel pic. twitter.   —   Rabbi Shmuley (@RabbiShmuley) May 2, 2017 President Donald Trump celebrated the news that 227, 000 jobs were created in January, meeting with his Economic Advisory Council at the White House on Friday morning. [“Great spirit in the country right now,” Trump said, speaking to the press. “So we’re very happy about that. I think that it’s going to continue big league. We’re bringing back jobs. We’re bringing down your taxes. We’re getting rid of regulations. ”  Trump promised “exciting times” ahead, previewing a tax bill “soon” and a healthcare bill “even sooner. ” “Amazingly, it’s never happened before that politics has become a much bigger subject than the Super Bowl,” he said. “This is usually Super Bowl territory. ” Trump told the business leaders that he wanted to hear from them as he tackled more reform proposals to make their businesses better, including getting rid the cumbersome   legislation.   demonstrators took the streets of London Saturday afternoon, calling for further intervention against the Syrian regime. [Around 200 demonstrators marched through the centre of the UK capital for the “London against Chemical Warfare in Syria” protest.  The organisers explained on their Facebook event: “Please join us this Saturday to say No to chemical attacks in Syria. Join us to ask the UK Government to protect civilians in Syria from these attacks. Join us to support Syrians as they struggle to survive against a regime determined to exterminate them. ” Monday on “Fox  Friends,” White House press secretary Sean Spicer said U. S. District Court Judge James Robart  went “rogue” with his Friday ruling blocking President Donald Trump’s executive order restricting travel from seven   countries.  Spicer said, “The law is very clear that the president has broad powers to keep this country safe and to limit access to people that could come into this country and do us harm. He utilized that power in a very legal, constitutional manner to ensure that we are safe, our people are safe, our country is safe, our institutions are safe. And it’s somewhat sad to see a judge go rogue like this. ” (  Politico) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN In the “Saturday Night Live” season 42 finale, Alec Baldwin playing the role of President Donald Trump sang Leonard Cohen’s “Hallelujah,” the same song SNL had Kate McKinnon cover in her Hillary Clinton role in the show after she lost the election to Trump.  As Baldwin sang, SNL cast members dressed as Trump’s family members and also Vice President Mike Pence, Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway, the Grim Reaper and Sarah Huckabee Sanders joined in. “I’m not giving up because I didn’t do anything wrong,” Baldwin stated. “But I can’t speak for these people. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent advertisement NEW YORK (AP)  —   The Super Bowl was a triumph for fans of the New England Patriots but it also became very lucrative for Lady Gaga.  The superstar singer who performed at the halftime show sold about 150, 000 digital albums and songs in the U. S. on Sunday, a 1, 000 percent increase over the day before, according to Nielsen Music. Sales of Lady Gaga’s songs “Born This Way,” ”Bad Romance” and “Poker Face” all spiked. Her albums sold more than 23, 000 downloads and she had over 125, 000 song downloads. Her   song on Sunday was “Million Reasons,” with 45, 000 downloads  —   up nearly 900 percent compared with the previous day’ roughly 5, 000. Late Sunday, Lady Gaga announced plans for a   world tour kicking off this summer. During her opening statement Saturday, Judge Jeanine Pirro predicted on her Fox News Channel show “Justice” that President Donald Trump will “be the biggest change agent in the history of the United States” by uniting the country together.  “Donald Trump will be the biggest change agent in the history of the United States,” Pirro declared. She later added, “The president is not dark and militant. The president is simply talking about a world that exists for people in this great nation who never asked to be victims of crime, never asked to be born in the inner city, never asked to be victimized by drugs or gangs and never asked to be trapped in poverty. Thank God there is a man who is strong enough to admit to our faults, and our weaknesses, and is willing to take them on, shine a light on them, show that to all of us so that we together can make a difference for all of us, and yes even the weakest among us. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent An alleged ‘Remain’ activist attacked a woman attending a UKIP event on Saturday in Hartlepool, leaving her bloodied and injured on the floor. [Photographs show the alleged Remain activist arguing with a UKIP party member moments before the altercation between the two women broke out.  It is not known who initiated the fight, but the woman identified as the Remain supporter grabbed at the sweater of the woman attending the UKIP event and both fell to the ground. UKIP and the Remain campaign group have both denied either of these women were their supporters. One man attempted to break up the fight whilst another man, wearing a striped scarf and a grey jumper, stood between the women. ’What is the strategy?’ Sen. Elizabeth Warren demands explanation after MOAB strike pic. twitter.  In a clip that aired on Friday’s broadcast of Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) reacted to a “mother of all bombs” strike on an ISIS stronghold in Afghanistan on Thursday.  Warren told reporters gathered at an appearance in Salem, MA what needed to be made clear was President Donald Trump’s strategy. “As is the case with every part of Trump’s foreign policy, we are all trying to understand: What is the strategy?” Warren said. “If we can’t figure out what it means, it’s sort of hard to make that a message,” she added. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor President Donald Trump sent a message to criminal illegal immigrants, Tuesday morning, particularly members of gangs like  . [“They are getting the hell out or they are going to prison,” Trump said in an interview with Fox and Friends.  Trump praised his Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly for enforcing the laws. “I will tell you we have gotten tremendous criminals out of this country,” he said, pointing to the illegal immigrants who were murdering and raping innocent people. Trump called criminal behavior from illegal immigrants a serious problem that he was working to fix. “So many towns and cities are thanking me because we have gotten rid of a burden that you would not believe,” he said. On Twitter, Trump specifically vowed to tackle the   gang problem. “The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U. S,” he said. “We are removing them fast!” Detroit rapper Molly Brazy is under investigation after a video emerged on social media of the rapper pointing a gun at a toddler’s head.  In the video, Brazy is talking to someone about candy, when the child throws a gun at her. The    then snatches the weapon and points it at the toddler, saying, “Why would you do that? You better stop playing with me. ” Detroit police say they sent the video over to their cyber team to investigate. Brazy’s manager told Fox 2 that the video is a month old and the two were just playing with a toy gun. “She was playing with the baby, and the baby was playing with her,” the manager stated. “She’s remorseful about it,” the manager added. “If she could do it over she would. ” Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” while commenting on the future for the Democratic Party in light of the 2016 presidential election loss of Hillary Clinton, former Obama administration green jobs czar and CNN contributor Van Jones declared, “The Clinton days are over. ”  Jones said, “You have to understand, I think that the Clinton days are over.  This idea that we’re going to be this moderate party that’s going to move in this direction, that’s going to throw blacks under the bus for criminal justice reform  —  for prison expansion, that’s going to throw workers under the bus for NAFTA, those days are over. You can’t run and hide.  You’ve got to be an authentic person from the beginning.  You’re going to be judged based on your authentic commitment to the actual base of this party and if you don’t do that, you can’t win. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The Times of Israel reports: The gunmen who killed Hamas military leader Mazen Faqha Friday night had broken into his garage, and lain in wait for hours, before carrying out the assassination, which left no trace but the dead body, a Palestinian daily reported on Sunday. [According to the report in Al Quds, Faqha  —   a former prisoner in Israel who oversaw Hamas’s efforts to instigate terror attacks in the West Bank  —   drove home around 6 p. m. with his wife and daughter in the car.  They had been away from home for a few hours. The two family members exited the car at the front door, and the Hamas leader went to park the car alone. He was killed almost immediately after the electric garage door closed behind his vehicle. Earlier reports said Faqha was killed outside his home in Tel   a neighborhood in southwestern Gaza City. Read more here. .@SHSanders45 on next steps for health care: ”The president is focused on getting this right, not fast.” https:  .  pic. twitter.  At Friday’s White House press briefing, Principal Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said President Donald Trump is focused on getting health care “right, not getting it fast. I think we saw the mistake that the Democrats made by trying to force and rush this through. ”  Sanders said, “[T]he President’s focused on getting it right, not getting it fast. I think we saw the mistake that the Democrats made by trying to force and rush this through. We’re taking the appropriate steps to make sure that the American people get the healthcare system they deserve, and that’s the President’s commitment, not an artificial timeline. ” Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN President Donald Trump argued that there was a cultural double standard, after rapper Snoop Dogg released a video of him pulling a gun on a man in clown makeup who looked like Donald Trump. [“Can you imagine what the outcry would be if Snoop Dogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama?” Trump marveled in a message on Twitter. “Jail time!”  Sen. Ted Cruz also responded to the video. “Snoop owes the president an apology,” he said when asked about the video by a TMZ cameraman. “There’s absolutely nothing funny about an assassination attempt on a president. ” Sen. Marco Rubio criticized the video as well, suggesting that it could give a mentally unstable person the wrong idea idea. “We’ve had presidents assassinated before in this country, so anything like that is really something we should be very careful about,” he told TMZ. A group of Somali pirates and private security forces exchanged gunfire as the pirates attempted to hijack a cargo ship.[  The video shows a speedboat coming towards the ship as a private security contractor with a   gun takes aim at the incoming boat. One guard is seen in the video firing warning shots around the incoming speedboat, landing just feet away. “Where they at, what’s their position?” one contractor shouts, after the security guards finish up firing dozens of rounds at the speedboat. As the first speedboat retreats, a second boat races toward the starboard of the ship. “Second skip coming in,” security radios in. The clip has been viewed more than seven million times. In March, pirates hijacked an oil tanker off the coast of Somalia in what was the first hijacking of a large commercial ship since 2012, the Daily Mail reported. The New York Times’ executive editor Dean Baquet joked about The Washington Post’s new slogan Sunday, according to Advertising Age. [“I love our competition with the Washington Post. I think it’s great. But I think their slogan  —   Marty Baron please forgive me for saying this  —   sounds like the next Batman movie,” he said at the South by Southwest conference.  The Washington Post introduced a new slogan this year titled, “Democracy Dies in Darkness. ” The slogan appears on the paper’s website, the front page of the print edition, and on other platforms. “We thought it would be a good, concise value statement that conveys who we are to the many millions of readers who have come to us for the first time over the last year,” Post spokeswoman Kris Coratti said. Other members of the press have poked fun of the new slogan since its unveiling. Its competition, The New York Times, also came out with a new marketing campaign called “The Truth” during the Academy Awards. In these trying times, Jackie Mason is The Voice of Reason. [In his third exclusive clip for Breitbart News, Jackie wonders whether all the “Hollywood fakes and phonies” understand the difference between an awards show celebrating movies and acting performances, and political rants.  Jackie takes aim at Meryl Streep, who used the occasion of her Lifetime Achievement Award acceptance speech at the Golden Globes on Sunday to sharply criticize Donald Trump. “What right do you have to waste my time?” Jackie asks. “If I want to hear a political opinion, I don’t need Meryl Streep. I never called up Meryl Streep to find out who she would vote for, did you?” As Jackie puts it, nobody is interested in celebrities’ political opinions  —   except for his, of course. Watch the clip above.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum,   Developer Creative Assembly returns players to the battlefields of the Warhammer universe for strategic warfare on a grand scale with Total War: Warhammer 2. [In the sequel to the   Total War: Warhammer, players can choose to play between eight lords from four different races. Leaving behind the Empire, Chaos, Dwarf, Greenskins, and Beastmen of the first game, players will control the forces of the High Elves, Dark Elves, Lizardmen, or a fourth    race. The ending of the trailer points heavily towards the fourth playable faction being the giant rats of the Skaven.  Creative Assembly also notes that at some point after the game’s release, “owners of both the original game and Total War WARHAMMER II will gain access to the colossal new combined campaign. Merging the landmasses of The Old World plus Naggaroth, Lustria, Ulthuan and the Southlands into a single epic map, players may embark on monumental campaigns as any owned Race from both titles. ” On Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Hardball,” former CBS anchor Dan Rather commented on FBI Director James Comey’s firing by stating, “what’s going on here is an effort to cover up the facts. ”  Rather said, “Well, first of all, there’s something very Nixonian about all of this, not the least of which being  …    that President Trump fired the acting Attorney General, Ms. Yates. Then he fired the federal attorney in New York, Mr. Bharara. Then he fires Comey. What they all have in common, they were all investigating Donald Trump. Look, it’s no secret about what’s going on here, as several people have already pointed out, what’s going on here is an effort to cover up the facts. Why they’re so desperate to cover up the facts, we do not know. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” while discussing the Republicans the repeal and replacement of the Affordable Care Act, Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) said that the 2018 midterm elections will be a bloodbath for the GOP if they do not pass the legislation.  When asked if without repeal and replace will 2018 be a bloodbath, Ryan said, “I do believe that if we don’t keep our word to the people who sent us here, yeah. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN BERLIN (AP)  —   Pope Francis has warned in an interview with a German newspaper of the dangers of rising populism in western democracies. [advertisement Gabriel Sherman writes that White House chief strategist and former Breitbart News executive chairman Steve Bannon has privately expressed concern that the American Health Care Act (AHCA) betrays the populist voters who put Donald Trump in the White House. [From New York Magazine:  Read the rest of the story here. God bless President Donald J. Trump. As reported by several news outlets, the Trump Administration is set to finally put an end to part of the repugnant ObamaCare contraception mandate which sought to force the Little Sisters of the Poor (LSP) to violate their religious convictions. [advertisement MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow claimed in a tweet Tuesday afternoon that she has Donald Trump’s tax returns. She later added that she has the President’s 1040 form from 2005. [BREAKING: We’ve got Trump tax returns. Tonight, 9pm ET. MSNBC. (Seriously).  —   Rachel Maddow MSNBC (@maddow) March 14, 2017,   Her show is to air on MSNBC at 9 p. m. ET. David Clay Johnson of the Daily Beast tweeted that he’ll be joining Maddow to discuss the tax returns. According to federal law, unauthorized publication of other individuals’ tax returns is a felony punishable by up to a $5, 000 fine and five years in prison. Surveillance video from a Franklin, NC veterinary clinic shows the moment a car went crashing into the building.  Wednesday morning, a customer at Noah’s Ark Companion Animal Hospital hit the gas pedal instead of the brake, driving the car into the building. “We have four employees that work in that space. Luckily, we have two of them that were out running errands. One of our employees was actually hit by a car while she was working. She’s OK. Everyone is OK,” clinic owner Dawn Todd told WLOS. According to Todd, the four animals in the hospital were also uninjured. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo PARIS (AP)  —   The prosecutor’s office for the Paris suburb of   said that some 50 young people have been detained for allegedly throwing stones at police cars, setting fires and lobbing smoke bombs into a school. [Police rounded up the youths on Tuesday morning and were questioning them.  The prosecutor’s office says investigators must ascertain whether each of those arrested was involved in the unrest, which began at the school. The group can be held for 24 hours. The prosecutor’s office says it is unusual to detain such a large number of suspects at once. There was no clear information about a possible motive. One hypothesis linked the turmoil to ongoing outrage over the Feb. 2 assault of a young man who was allegedly raped with a police baton. During a Monday “First Take” discussion about the sportsmanship shown by Masters winner Sergio Garcia and   Justin Rose this weekend, ESPN personality Max Kellerman said that he does not believe golf is a sport.  “[G]olf’s whole status as a sport is a conversation for another day I guess,” Kellerman argued. He explained, “I would define a sport as a competition through which you can accurately gauge the athleticism of its participants. And I don’t think that’s the case with golf   …     this ain’t Ali going at Frazier. They’re not throwing punches. They’re not tackling each other. They’re not in each other’s way. Golf is not a zero sum game. It’s more like a standardized test. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Players can now   the Ghost Recon Wildlands beta and begin playing February 23 to get a first look at the     shooter. [The latest entry in Ubisoft’s   Ghost Recon franchise finds the Ghosts, “a legendary US Elite Special Operations team,” conducting a guerrilla war against drug cartels in “a living, reactive   environment where every individual choice you make has far reaching consequences. ”  The open beta will run from February   on Xbox One, Playstation 4, and PC, and will allow players to explore two of the game world’s provinces, either playing in   or  . Ghost Recon Wildlands launches March 7, 2017 on Xbox One, Playstation 4, and PC. A Texas State Representative from South Texas was hit in the head by a stray bullet overnight during the New Year celebrations. [The Hidalgo County Sheriff’s Office is carrying out an investigation into the shooting, authorities confirmed to Breitbart Texas.  The shooting of State Representative Armando Martinez ( ) was first reported by The Mcallen Monitor. The Texas politician was struck in his head by what authorities believe was a bullet that had been fired into the air. The stray bullet landed near Weslaco where Martinez had been celebrating. The Texas State Representative is receiving treatment at a local hospital and is expected to recover. Ildefonso Ortiz is an award winning journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook. PARIS (AP)  —   France’s foreign minister is denouncing possible Russian meddling in the French presidential campaign as “unacceptable. ”[  Ayrault, in an interview published Sunday in newspaper Journal du Dimanche, said Russia appears to be targeting centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron, while favoring more   candidates such as conservative Francois Fillon and nationalist Marine Le Pen.  Macron’s campaign has described hacking attempts that it suspects are linked to Russia, though it’s unclear whether the detected activity was more than routine cybersecurity breaches. The Kremlin has denied involvement. Ayrault is quoted as saying “this kind of interference in French democratic life is unacceptable  …    . The French will not accept anyone dictating their (electoral) choices. ” The French government is holding an election security meeting Friday to discuss concerns raised by alleged Russian interference in the U. S. presidential campaign. BERLIN (AP)  —   A poll of German voters shows Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservative bloc’s lead widening as the main challenger Social Democrats continue to lose support. [The Emnid Sunday poll for Bild newspaper showed support for Merkel’s bloc unchanged at 38 percent, while the SPD support dropped 1 percentage point to 25 percent. The SPD got a boost after nominating Martin Schulz in January as Merkel’s rival for chancellor in September’s election, but has slipped recently after several state election losses.  The   Free Democrats and Greens both gained a point to 8 percent support, putting them at the same level as the Left Party, which dropped a point, and the nationalist Alternative for Germany party, which was unchanged. The poll’s margin of error was plus or minus 2. 5 percentage points. After causing controversy in a clip released Friday of the   interview by saying “I don’t see the   as a legitimate president,” Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Rep. John Lewis ( ) said it would be “almost impossible” for him to work with   Donald Trump once he takes office.  Lewis said, “It’s going to be very hard and very difficult. Almost impossible for me to work with him. ” Tuesday, Fox Sports 1 “Undisputed”   Shannon Sharpe reacted to Tim Tebow showing up to spring training for the New York Mets organization and showing out in batting practice.  Sharpe questioned the authenticity of Tebow getting a shot at baseball, adding the former NFL quarterback “doesn’t have a chance” of making the Mets’ roster. “I’m just trying to figure out, Skip. Look, I don’t knock anybody for trying, but I’m looking at it, why? He doesn’t have a chance of the making the team, Skip. You know that. You saw him in the fall league when he was playing against guys, and a lot of those guys are not going to get called up, not going to be on a   roster. And he couldn’t hit them. What makes you think that he can hit constant   pitches?   can’t constantly hit   pitches,” Sharpe stated. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Tuesday at the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing, Sen. Kamala Harris ( ) and Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly got into a heated exchange over funding for sanctuary cities.  Partial transcript as follows: HARRIS: So are you aware that there are local law enforcement  —   KELLY: Can I finish once before you interrupt me? HARRIS: Sir, with all due respect  —   KELLY: With all due respect, senator. HARRIS: Are you instructing local law enforcement leaders that they can overlook a DHS detainer request so they’re not exposed to criminal liability? KELLY: We talk to them about whatever they’re comfortable with, whatever they think they can do within the interpretation of their local attorney generals, as an example or local lawyers. HARRIS: So when they are  —   KELLY: Can I finish once? HARRIS: Excuse me, I am asking the questions. KELLY: But I am trying to answer the questions. (  NTK) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Monday in an interview with ABC News, Sen. Chuck Grassley ( ) discussed the negative political discourse playing a role in the shooting of Republicans practicing for a congressional charity baseball game.  Grassley said it would help if the White House toned down its rhetoric. Grassley said, “I see Republicans blaming Democrats and maybe Democrats blaming Republicans. But we all have a problem that we have to deal with, and that is —  tone it down a little bit. It would help if at the White House it was toned down a little bit, too because people know Congress as a bunch of faces  —   535. It doesn’t stand out if a Senator Grassley or a Senator Klobuchar says something like there ought to be a change made like the president says there ought to be a change made. ” (  NTK) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said President Donald Trump “will be insistent” on including funding for a U. S.  border wall in the spending bill that would keep the government from shutting down.  Partial transcript as follows: BASH: Will the President go to the mat and insist on funding his border wall as part of the stopgap government funding measure? KELLY: I think it goes without saying that the President has been pretty straightforward about his desire and the need for a border wall. So I would suspect he’ll do the right thing for sure, but I would suspect he will be insistent on the funding. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher argued that former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s resignation is the “most serious political scandal” in US history, and “The crime is treason. The crime is colluding with Russia to fix an American election. ”  Maher stated, “[T]here is an unprecedented state of crisis in this country, there is. ” He added that Flynn’s resignation was “the most serious political scandal we’ve ever had in the United States. ” Later on, he added, “I keep hearing on the news, the   is worse than the crime. No. The crime is worse. The crime is treason. The crime is colluding with Russia to fix an American election. ” Maher did concede that President Obama didn’t respond to the Russia threat in time. Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Please join us Thursday evening on the Breitbart News Facebook page for an exclusive interview with White House press secretary Sean Spicer. [Breitbart’s White House Correspondent Charlie Spiering will sit down with Spicer in his   Facebook live interview as White House press secretary.   The event will be broadcast live on our Facebook page on Thursday, February 9, at 6:30 p. m. Eastern. Submit your questions below or on the Breitbart News Facebook post for consideration in the interview and “like” the ones you want to see answered. BERLIN (AP)  —   Federal prosecutors say they have charged a    German man with membership in a terrorist organization for joining the Islamic State group in Syria. [advertisement Alec Baldwin pulled double duty this week on “Saturday Night Live,” playing the role of Fox News Channel’s Bill O’Reilly and President Donald Trump in the same skit.  The skit first lampooned O’Reilly over his sexual harassment charges, then “O’Reilly” thanked “Trump” for defending him. “I deeply appreciate your support on behalf of all women and I’d like to thank you, Donald Trump, for promoting sexual assault month,” Baldwin as O’Reilly said. “That’s right, Bill,” Baldwin as Trump replied. “It’s a subject near and dear to my hand. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent The Times of Israel reports: US President Donald Trump’s Special Envoy for International Negotiations Jason Greenblatt met separately in Washington with two senior Israeli politicians: Education Minister Naftali Bennett (Jewish Home) and opposition MK Tzipi Livni. [During a meeting on Sunday, which was said have lasted over an hour, Bennett and Greenblatt discussed the Palestinians, the economy and other regional issues, according to a spokesperson for Bennett.  In a series of Twitter posts, Greenblatt said that the two held “a far ranging and important discussion about   cooperation and interests,” such as “the importance of working to improve the economic life of Palestinians” and Trump’s “vision for peace and his thoughts on how best to achieve it. ” Greenblatt later tweeted that he had hosted Livni, a senior opposition lawmaker in the Zionist Union faction, for Shabbat dinner on Friday night. Read more here. Vice President of Business and Culture at the Media Research Center, Dan Gainor, joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Monday to discuss several topics, including his latest column on   insanity, the Gorsuch nomination, as well as events in Syria. [“The left really wanted this to happen,” said Gainor of the recent U. S. airstrikes in Syria.  “They stood by it,” continued Gainor, “because they’re trying to use it now as an opportunity to bully Trump into changing his refugee policy. And you will see no duplication of this with regard to what just happened in Egypt, yesterday, with the terrorist bombing of two churches and more genocide of Christians. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  Denis McDonough: I’m proud the Obama administration has been ”historically free of scandal” #CNNSOTU https:  .  Sunday on CNN’s  “State of the Union,” President Barack Obama’s chief of staff, Denis McDonough said he is proud that the Obama administration has been “historically free of scandal. ”  McDonough said, “I will say that the thing I’m most proud of, Jake, is an administration now acknowledging that we will have six days left or five days left, that has been historically free of scandal. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN CAIRO (AP)  —   The lawyer of   charity worker Aya Hijazi says she has been released from prison after nearly three years of detention. [Taher Abol Nasr told The Associated Press she was released late Tuesday, two days after a court acquitted her of charges of child abuse that were widely dismissed as bogus by human rights groups and U. S. officials.  Hijazi and her husband had established a foundation to aid street children, but were arrested along with six others in 2014. It was not immediately clear whether her   were also released. U. S. President Donald Trump did not publicly mention the case when he met with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah   earlier this month, but a senior White House official had said ahead of the meeting that the case would be addressed. A Dallas public school teacher was filmed in her classroom mockingly shooting President Donald Trump as a live feed was projected of his inauguration ceremony. [In the short clip, the teacher can be heard shrieking, saying the word “die” and then routinely shooting at the projected image of Trump with a toy gun.   The Instagram video originally posted has since been removed after going viral, with the link taking social media users to a page that reads “Sorry, this page isn’t available. ” The Dallas Independent School District confirmed to Breitbart Texas in a written statement the person depicted is indeed a DISD employee at W. H. Adamson High School, but would not share more until its investigation was complete. The teacher has been placed on administrative leave. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder. Merrill Hope contributed to this report. This article has been updated with additional information.  Saturday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” host Joy Reid said while discussing the Women’s March that has made its way into other countries around the world that “a lot of women feel robbed of the White House” because of President Donald Trump.  “Why do you think Trump triggers that kind of  —   we get it in this country because a lot of women feel robbed of the White House, what is it about around the world?” Reid asked. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent LONDON (AP)  —   The Bank of England revised up its economic growth forecasts for the British economy for the coming three years, crediting much of the improvement to the government’s decision to ease up on austerity in the wake of the country’s vote to leave the European Union. [advertisement Michael Steele, former RNC chairman and   of “Steele and Ungar” on SiriusXM POTUS Channel 124 joined Breitbart News Daily host Alex Marlow on Friday to discuss Trump’s trip abroad, the election of Greg Gianforte in Montana and other topics in the news. [On Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg’s idea of a universal income, Steele said, “Why doesn’t he start with his own organization and put in a standard minimum income for all of his employees and see how that works for his shareholders. ”  “It’s what you say when you want to sound like you’re with it and cool, you know, I’ve got this real progressive view on taxes and everybody owes everybody else,”  Steele continued. “You do your thing, let me do mine and we’ll work it out. The government doesn’t need to be going around setting anybody’s minimum on anything,” he concluded. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  A    cosplay merchandise seller from Argentina has spent over $32, 000 in his effort to become a “ ” elf. [The $32, 000 surgery included jaw liposuction, a nose job, hair removal of his entire body, and eye   operations, but his quest is not over yet.  Luis Padron, who allegedly became obsessed with elves and other fantasy beings after being bullied as a child, also spends over $5, 000 per month on different “specialist creams, dyes, treatment, and SPF 100 suncream. ” Next on Padron’s list to become a complete elf is surgery to make his ears pointed, the removal of four ribs, a face and eye lift, “hair implants for a   hairline and a limb lengthening operation to make him 6ft 5in tall. ” President Donald Trump again tweeted support for the House Obamacare replacement plan just as House Speaker Paul Ryan wheeled in a television screen to deliver a PowerPoint presentation to explain the bill to reporters. [“Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great,” Trump wrote on Twitter. “We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!”  Trump’s message is an effort to signal support for Ryan and his House plan to replace Obamacare despite a whirlwind of conservative dissent over the bill. Key senators and House conservatives have loudly protested the bill, calling it Obamacare Lite or Obamacare 2. 0. Trump met with conservative Tea Party groups on Wednesday evening to hear their concerns with the bill, opening up the possibility for minor changes to the legislation. “This is going to be great. You’re going to make it even greater,” Trump said to the groups, according to a source speaking to CNN’s Jim Acosta. A major brawl broke out over the weekend at an Allen Park, MI bowl alley, and video of the brawl has gone viral.  ClickonDetroit reports that a group of around eight men started a brawl at Thunderbowl that wreaked havoc in one of the   rooms. In the video, a woman can be seen being brutally punched in the face by a much larger man. According to the report, the fight was over a woman who was not even at the bowling alley. Thunderbowl charges a cover on the weekends, but management suspects it needs to start doing purse checks to crack down on people bringing their own alcohol and causing problems. The woman who was hit in the face wished to remain anonymous, but told ClickonDetroit she was doing fine. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Tebow gets beaned. pic. twitter.  Tim Tebow wearing it in his Spring Training Debut. He struck out looking his first at bat pic. twitter.  Wednesday, former NFL quarterback Tim Tebow made his spring training debut with the New York Mets as the team’s designated hitter and wearing number 97.  Tebow struck out looking in his first   grounded into a double play his second and was beaned his third   by Red Sox prospect and fellow former Florida Gator Brian Johnson. Boos came from the crowd, but Tebow shrugged it off and took his base. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent On Friday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “America’s Newsroom,” Senator Ted Cruz ( ) said that “there’s no good answer to Syria right now. ”  Cruz said, “[T]he honest answer is, there’s no good answer to Syria right now. And after eight years of Obama broken red lines and weakness, we’ve seen Syria turned into a war zone that has resulted in hundreds of thousands of refugees, of chemical weapons, it is a bad situation. ” He added that a   zone in Syria “can be very dangerous. I think that invites conflicts with other nations. ” He further stated that while Assad is “a monster. ” “[I]t would be even worse if those chemical weapons fall into the hands of radical Islamic terrorists, if they fall into the hands of ISIS or al Qaeda, or al Nusra. ” Cruz concluded that he was “encouraged” by the Trump administration’s foreign policy and national security. Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Emma Brown writes at the Washington Post:  One of the Obama administration’s signature efforts in education, which pumped billions of federal dollars into overhauling the nation’s worst schools, failed to produce meaningful results, according to a federal analysis. Test scores, graduation rates and college enrollment were no different in schools that received money through the School Improvement Grants program  —   the largest federal investment ever targeted to failing schools  —   than in schools that did not. The Education Department published the findings on the website of its research division on Wednesday, hours before President Obama’s political appointees walked out the door. You can read the rest of the story here: Representative Mike Kelly ( ) talked with Breitbart News daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Wednesday regarding relief from Obamacare and other issues Congress is expected to confront during the Trump administration. [While discussing the complex challenges involved in repealing and replacing Obamacare, Kelly said, “We’ve been handed something that never should have passed to begin with. But we’re not going to do it like our friends did. We’re not going to pass it to find out what’s in it. We’re going to find out what’s in it before we pass it. ”  Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher bet Sinclair Broadcast Group Chief Political Analyst and former Special Assistant to President Trump Boris Epshteyn that President Trump will be “out by Christmas. ”  During his opening monologue, Maher said, “We have a special prosecutor now, Robert Mueller. I doubt that Trump will be president for the full term. Maybe  —   I don’t know  —   maybe  —   he might not be president by the time he gets back from his trip. ” Later on, after agreeing to his bet that Trump will be out by Christmas with Epshteyn, Maher added, “[H]e looks like he’s trying to get impeached. It looks like he’s admitted obstruction of justice at least twice. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Republican Senator @JimInhofe accuses the EPA of ”brainwashing our kids” https:  .  Thursday on CNN’s “New Day,” Sen. Jim Inhofe ( ) reacted to an item from President Donald Trump’s proposed budget, which will cut the Environmental Protection Agency from $8. 1 billion to $5. 7 billion, or roughly 31 percent.  Inhofe said while some of the efforts of EPA were needed, he criticized one of its functions that he called “brainwashing our kids. ” “We want to deliver the services,” Inhofe said. “We ought to make things clean, but we ought to take all this stuff that comes out of the EPA that’s brainwashing our kids, that is propaganda, things that aren’t true, allegations. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Saturday Night Live and Alec Baldwin returned with another Donald Trump skit featuring the president (and his skull masked advisor “Steve Bannon”) in the Oval Office making calls to foreign leaders. [During the skit, “Trump” calls Zimbabwe and the African dictator threatens the president.  “You think you are big tough dictator?” he asks Trump. “I will rip out your spine and drink from your skull, you cannot even walk downstairs you little white bitch. ” SNL audience cheers wildly after dictator calls Trump a ”little white bitch” and vows to ”rip out your spine and drink from your skull” pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) February 5, 2017,  The audience cheered wildly in response to the threat to the president of the United States. On Friday’s “Overtime” segment of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher weighed in on President Obama’s Wall Street speech by saying, “It kind of looks like, when he’s on our team, we’re OK with it.   …     So isn’t the best thing to do, take your $10 million book deal? Can’t you live on that?”  Maher said, “[T]he current president is trying to undo all of his Wall Street regulations, and then he goes to Wall Street  …    isn’t that what sort of cost Hillary the election?” He later added, “It kind of looks like, when he’s on our team, we’re OK with it. ” Maher further argued, “[Y]ou could say that when he  —   when a guy is president, he’s looking ahead to that $400, 000 payday, and he’s not going to get it if, while he’s president, he’s going to do something that’s going to piss them off. So isn’t the best thing to do, take your $10 million book deal? Can’t you live on that?” (  Fox News Insider) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett CAIRO (Reuters)  —   Egyptian President Abdel Fattah   will make his first state visit to Washington during the first week of April at the invitation of U. S. President Donald Trump, Egyptian   newspaper   reported on Sunday. [The trip will be Sisi’s first U. S. state visit since being elected president in 2014 as former U. S. President Barack Obama had never extended an invitation.  Sisi was elected a year after leading the military’s ousting of the Muslim Brotherhood’s President Mohamed Mursi after mass protests. Trump invited Sisi in January but the date of the visit had not been announced. Read more here. On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time with Bill Maher,” host Bill Maher said that while he’s thankful for their service, he never wants to see Bill or Hillary Clinton ever again.  Maher said, during a discussion on the Clintons attending that day’s Inauguration, “I would like to say to [Bill and Hillary] thank you for 30 years of service, and now, I never want to see either one of you ever again. ” Later in the discussion, Maher did wonder about the Clintons attending the Inauguration in light of President Trump’s past comments about them. Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest suggested that Russian President Vladimir Putin was getting his talking points about President Obama from Donald Trump, after the Russian president speculated that Obama was purposely trying to “delegitimize” the  . [“First of all it sounds like he got his copy of the talking points   …     it certainly sounds like what the incoming administration’s team is saying,” Earnest said, in response to reporters during the White House Press briefing.  “Of course it’s not true,” Earnest added. He pointed out it wasn’t the first time that Putin had questioned the motives of the United States government during the Obama presidency. Earnest also disapproved of Trump’s decision to clash with the intelligence agencies in the United States, including outgoing CIA director John Brennan, calling it “deeply misguided. ” “I’m offended by it,” he said, citing Brennan’s record of service in the intelligence community. On Friday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Senate Democratic Whip Senator Dick Durbin ( ) declared, “President Trump is dangerous. ”  Durbin said, “President Trump is dangerous. Dangerous because he may be obstructing justice in terms of the investigation that really goes to the heart of our democracy, the accountability of the president, the people around him to the rule of law, protecting our democracy from an invasion, a cyber invasion by the Russians. And secondly, his credibility has been destroyed. You know, when you have  —   when you’re the leader of the free world, you need to be credible, not only in your own country to be an effective president, but around the world. And this episode this week is a demonstration that this president’s credibility is not very strong. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Cape Cod police have arrested three as part of a major drug bust at the home owned by the Eunice Kennedy Shriver family located in Hyannisport, MA.  According to the Barnstable Police Department, the home was being used to traffic fentanyl. Suspects Troy Monteiro, 29, Trevor Rose, also 29, and Ariel   26, were able to gain access to the home by way of the property manager, unbeknownst to the Shrivers. Drugs were buried at a nearby beach. Detectives say they seized $40, 000 worth of fentanyl. The three suspects are being held on $100, 000 bail. After obtaining a search warrant, authorities found more fentanyl and $20, 000 in cash in the apartment Monteiro and   share in New Bedford. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo BERLIN (AP)  —   Germany’s top security official says he’s ordered the   of up to 100, 000 decisions granting asylum to migrants after uncovering mistakes in a smaller probe undertaken after a German soldier was able to pass himself off as a Syrian refugee in a bizarre   plot. [Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere told reporters Wednesday that checks of 2, 000 applications revealed no other cases like that of Franco A. who managed to pass himself off as a Syrian refugee in 2015, get a place at a refugee home and receive state financial aid. Authorities allege he was part of a   plot to assassinate political figures and blame refugees.  But de Maiziere said other errors were uncovered and he’s ordered 80, 000 to 100, 000 decisions to be  . Wednesday, Chicago’s United Center hosted the top high school basketball players across the country to compete against each other in the McDonald’s   game.  After the game, a large brawl broke out inside the United Center. Security eventually broke up the fighting. A McDonald’s spokesperson released the following statement, via  : Naturally, we are disappointed by this kind of activity, which runs counter to the spirit of the McDonald’s   Games. But we are equally grateful to the United Center Security team and the Chicago Police for restoring order. We refer all further questions to the Chicago Police. Per reports, no one was arrested or injured. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Monday on CNN’s “Wolf,” Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said there was “growing momentum” for replacing the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, the same day of its repeal.  Paul said, “There is a consensus position on the vast majority of what Republicans do for replacement. We’re putting it together, and we will put it forward. I will do everything in my power to have a vote on it the day we repeal Obamacare, I want a vote on replacement. And we’ll see where I get with that, but there’s a growing momentum both among Senate Republicans and among House Republicans that we should vote on replacement the same day we vote on repeal. ” The Times of Israel reports:  US Vice President Mike Pence said Saturday that Washington was committed to ensuring Iran could never threaten Israel with nuclear weapons. [Speaking at the Munich Security Conference, Pence called Tehran “the leading state sponsor of terrorism” and said it continued to destabilize the Middle East. “Thanks to the end of   sanctions under the [nuclear deal] Iran now has additional resources to devote to these efforts,” he said.  “Let me be clear again: Under President Trump the United States will remain fully committed to ensuring that Iran never obtains a nuclear weapon capable of threatening our countries, our allies in the region, especially Israel. ” Read the full story here. House Speaker Paul Ryan is still pushing his plan to replace Obamacare, despite the bill failing to earn enough Republican support to move it forward. [In an interview with CBS, Ryan warned his fellow Republicans that if they didn’t work with him to replace health care, President Donald Trump would work with Democrats.  “If this Republican Congress allows the perfect to be the enemy of the good, I worry we’ll push the president into working with Democrats,” he warned. Ryan said that he didn’t want to work with Democrats and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi on health care. “I don’t want that to happen. You know why? I want a   system,” he said. “I don’t want government running health care. ” Thomas Friedman, the nation’s   salesman for    by transnational elites, is pleading for a   intervention of globalist U. S. billionaires to end the   terror of President Donald Trump. [Friedman is a regular columnist for the New York Times, but offers only one politically corporatist message  —   that   progressives, autocrats and corporatists should rule a globalist, borderless world, while throwing the occasional scrap to diversified, divided and leaderless American communities. Here’s his latest column: advertisement Ken Langone,   of Home Depot, said Monday on CNBC that he thinks President Donald Trump could go down as “one of our greatest presidents ever,” and has “guts,” and “great people around him. ”  “[T]his guy has got guts,” Langone said on “Squawk Box. ” “And he’s got great people around him. ” He added that White House Counselor Kellyanne Conway’s husband is one of his lawyers. Trump has the potential to “go down as one of our greatest presidents ever,” Langone later argued. (  IJR) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo (Reuters)  —   Tesla Inc founder and Chief Executive Elon Musk said his latest company Neuralink Corp is working to link the human brain with a machine interface by creating   devices. [Neuralink is aiming to bring to the market a product that helps with certain severe brain injuries due to stroke, cancer lesion etc, in about four years, Musk said in an interview with website Wait But Why.  “If I were to communicate a concept to you, you would essentially engage in consensual telepathy,” Musk said in the interview published on Thursday. Artificial intelligence and machine learning will create computers so sophisticated and godlike that humans will need to implant “neural laces” in their brains to keep up, Musk said in a tech conference last year. Read the rest of the story at Reuters. .@RealSkipBayless: Colin Kaepernick had positive, national, and international impact for the literal stance that he took. pic. twitter.  In a Monday debate, Fox Sports 1 “Undisputed”   Skip Bayless praised free agent quarterback Colin Kaepernick for his 2016 national anthem protest, calling it “powerful” with a “positive” national and international impact.  “Has there ever been a more powerful spokesman than Colin Kaepernick became early this football season?” Bayless asked. “He had positive national, if not international, impact for the literal stance that he took. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent BERLIN (AP)  —   Germany is pledging an additional 3. 5 million euros ($3. 9 million) to help improve conditions for refugees in Libya. [On an unannounced visit to Tripoli on Thursday, Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said many migrants in Libya “are in a desperate situation. ” The money, to be paid by 2018, comes in response to a call from the UN refugee agency, UNHCR.  According to a transcript provided by the Foreign Ministry, Gabriel said the money will be in addition to Germany paying the “lion’s share” of a    regional program run by the International Organization for Migration. It’s to be used to improve living conditions at refugee centers. Many refugees fleeing the Mideast and Africa transit through Libya before attempting the perilous journey across the Mediterranean to Europe. Paul Nehlen, Wisconsin businessman and former Paul Ryan challenger, spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam Friday about Paul Ryan’s Obamacare 2. 0 and other issues. [Nehlen called the healthcare bill “a stinking pile of garbage” and predicted it would be dead on arrival in Congress.  “He’s purely setting up the Obamacare as a bailout for the insurance industry,” added Nehlen. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  Thursday on WABC’s “The Rita Cosby Show,” conservative commentator Pat Buchanan said today’s “mother of all bombs” (MOAB)  attack on an ISIS tunnel complex in Afghanistan was also meant to send a “message” to North Korea.  Buchanan said, “First, I think it is obviously a sign that Donald Trump is listening to his generals and is getting much tougher and is accepting their advice. This is meant to go into these tunnels and kill   or ISIS right where they live. But let me say, Rita, this is a second message that’s being sent  —   and it’s to the North Koreans. The North Koreans, they have their tests, their atom bombs deep in tunnels, and I think what it is, is a message to them that we can get down in there and kill your people underground as well as    —   and so I would think that’s a message to North Korea as well. ” (  Newsmax) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN During the Friday “Good Morning America” broadcast, ABC political analyst Matthew Dowd said the country today is “akin” to where it was at the start of the Civil War.  “I think we’re obviously in unprecedented times with a lot of things that happened unexpectedly including election day for most people in the country,” Dowd said the morning of Inauguration Day. “I am struck by where the country is today, which, to me  —   it’s much more akin to where we were in 1861 and how divided the country is. ” He added that it will be up to   Donald Trump to try or attempt to try to bring the country together. “I think that the weight on Donald Trump today is how do you bridge or attempt to bridge some of those divides,” Dowd continued. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent While Democratic activists are agitating to impeach President Donald Trump, the party’s leaders in Washington are doing their best to quell such talk. [From Politico:  They call it the ‘I’ word. Just a month into Donald Trump’s presidency, Democratic Party leaders are trying to rein in the talk of impeachment that’s animating the grass roots, the product of a restive base demanding deeper and more aggressive investigations into Trump’s ties to Russia. Democratic officials in   Washington view the entire subject as a trap, a premature discussion that could backfire in spectacular fashion by making the party appear too overzealous in its opposition to Trump. Worse, they fear, it could harden Republican support for the president by handing his party significant fundraising and political ammunition when the chances of success for an early impeachment push are remote, at best. Read the entire article here.   While speaking with CNN Senior Political Reporter Manu Raju on Tuesday, Senate Minority Leader Senator Chuck Schumer ( ) stated that he respects where people who are refusing to attend   Donald Trump’s inauguration are coming from and “There have been so many irregularities in this, most of all Russian interference. ”  Schumer said, “I respect where they’re coming from. There have been so many irregularities in this, most of all Russian interference. So, I respect where they’re coming from. And I think each person has to make his or her own choice on his own, but I don’t begrudge those who have said they are going to boycott. ” When asked if he urged Senate Democrats to attend, Schumer stated, “Each person make his or her own decision. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett On Saturday at 7:30 p. m. ET, President Donald J. Trump will hold a rally at the PA Farm Show Complex  Expo Center in the New Holland Arena.  Video courtesy of Right Side Broadcasting Network, Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo The Times of Israel reports: In response to Sunday’s   terror attack, the security cabinet decided late Sunday on a series of measures intended to deter new Palestinian attacks. [After convening Sunday night at the Prime Minister’s Office in Jerusalem, the committee of 10 ministers voted to deny the release of the terrorist’s body to his family, in order to prevent the family from holding a public funeral at which his actions would be celebrated.  Fadi   28, a father of four from the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Jabel Mukaber, rammed his truck into a group of IDF soldiers touring the Jerusalem’s Haas Promenade in the city’s south. Read more here. On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” Bill Maher stated President Trump’s tax plan is proof that “Mental illness is sad, ladies and gentlemen. ”  Maher said, “Mental illness is sad, ladies and gentlemen. I think  —  . If you need proof of that, he unveiled the tax plan this week. I don’t have time to go into the details. Just suffice it to say, the wealthiest people in America are finally going to be catching a break, ladies and gentlemen. Isn’t that awesome? Tax plan? What a charitable word for it. It was one page, with no math. I’m not kidding. That’s the tax plan. That’s not a tax plan. That’s a resume for a manager at Chuck E. Cheese. You know what they said? They said, well, it’s rough. Rough? I mean, there’s rough, and then, this is so rough it needs a safe word. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Monday at Allegheny College in Pennsylvania,    Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg mistakenly called Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) one of the “women of the Senate. ”  At the   mark in the video, Ginsburg said, “Let’s hope members of Congress, the members Allegheny College has already honored  —   Vice President Joe Biden and Sen. John McCain  —   the women of the Senate, Sens. Dianne Feinstein and Lindsey Graham  —   let’s hope that they and others of goodwill will lead in restoring harmonious work ways. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN BERLIN (AP)  —   Germany’s nationalist party Alternative for Germany has elected two new top candidates for the September general election, after the party’s   politician, Frauke Petry, said last week she wouldn’t be available. [Members of the AfD elected the politicians Alexander Gauland and Alice Weidel on Sunday at their party convention in Cologne.  Divisions erupted among the different factions of the German nationalists as delegates from the populist AfD rejected an appeal Saturday by Petry to seek a pragmatic political path instead of turning into a “fundamental opposition” party. Gauland, 76, is one of the party’s most prominent members and considered one of Petry’s main rivals. Weidel, 38, is a consultant from southwestern Germany. The new duo is likely to move the party even further to the right. The Senate voted to confirm former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson as President Donald Trump’s Secretary of State Wednesday afternoon, 56 to 43. [advertisement On Friday’s broadcast of “CNN Newsroom,” CNN Senior White House Correspondent Jim Acosta stated President Trump is “ushering in  …    a return to the cold war between Washington and Havana. ”  Acosta said Trump is “ushering in a cold war  —   a return to the cold war between Washington and Havana. He made that very clear in this speech, going after the Castro government time and again, accusing the government in Havana of jailing political prisoners, of rounding up innocent people, putting them behind bars purely for political reasons. He talked about firing squads at one point, the sounds of gunshots in the air and the ocean breeze in Havana. That is the kind of cold war rhetoric that we have heard for decades between the United States and Cuba. ” (  Mediaite) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Sunday on CNN’s “Fareed Zakaria GPS,” while discussing President Donald Trump firing FBI Director James Comey, host Fareed Zakaria said Trump’s  rhetoric actions posed “a danger to American democracy. ”  Zakaria said, “As regular viewers know, I have tried to evaluate Donald Trump’s presidency fairly. I have praised him when he has appointed competent people to high office  —   and he has  —   and expressed support for his policies when they seem serious and sensible, even though this has drawn criticism from some quarters. But there has always been another aspect to this presidency lurking, sometimes erupting into full view as it did this week. Donald Trump in much of his rhetoric and many of his actions poses a danger to American democracy. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN A promotion at Thursday’s Dallas   Heat game almost resulted in serious injury for the winner.  The promotion had several fans slide makeshift hotel keys into a door depicting a hotel room door, and the one that worked won a hotel stay. After the winner walked through, the door came crashing down on top of her. Fortunately, she quickly got out of the way and the floor took the hit instead. A video posted by Bleacher Report (@bleacherreport) on Jan 19, 2017 at 5:57pm PST,  Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent BUCHAREST, Romania (AP)  —   Millions of Orthodox Christians around the world have celebrated Easter in overnight services and “holy fire” from Jerusalem. [This year the Orthodox churches celebrate Easter on the same Sunday when Roman Catholics and Protestants mark the holy festival. The Western Christian church follows the Gregorian calendar, while the Eastern Orthodox uses the older Julian calendar. The two Easters are often weeks apart.  In predominantly Orthodox Romania, Patriarch Daniel urged Christians to bring joy to “orphans, the sick, the elderly the poor  …     and the lonely. ” Late Saturday, Orthodox cleric transported the holy light from Jerusalem by plane and it was then flown to other churches around the country.     According to Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti, the Los Angeles Police Department cannot properly solve crimes if they are busy enforcing immigration.  “I couldn’t have my officers solving robberies, homicides, rapes, burglaries if they suddenly become deputized,” Garcetti said Saturday on MSNBC. “[L]ogistically, we would stop solving crimes in Los Angeles if we became immigration agents. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent The Jerusalem Post reports: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stated that the perpetrator of Sunday’s deadly   attack that killed four IDF soldiers and wounded several others in Jerusalem was likely a supporter of the terrorist organization Islamic State. [“We know the identity of the attacker, and all signs suggest that he was an Islamic State supporter,” the premier said at a press conference at the site of the attack in the capital’s Armon Hanatziv neighborhood.  Among the fatalities were three female soldiers and one male soldier all in their 20s. The terrorist was shot dead by security personnel at the scene. Thirteen others were wounded in the attack. Read more here. Former President Barack Obama jetted to Milan, Italy on Monday for a speech about climate change. [After the   enjoyed his flight to the famous Italian city, he hopped in an SUV in a 14 car convoy direct to his hotel, according to the Daily Mail.  Obama is delivering the keynote speech on climate change at ‘Seeds and Chips  —   The Global Food Innovation Summit’ and will host a panel with his former White House chef Sam Kass. The president will likely urge the United States to remain in the Paris Climate agreement, a key part of his presidential legacy on the subject.   President Donald Trump’s approval numbers are ticking up after taking a hit from news of the ongoing Russia investigation and media outcry. [Friday’s Rasmussen Reports: Daily Presidential Tracking Poll shows that 50 percent of likely voters now approve of President Trump’s performance in office.  The president’s approval numbers are moving back up after they fell to a low of 42 percent in April. He took office in January with a high of 59 percent. The president celebrated the news on his Twitter account on Friday after taking off for a trip to Florida to announce a new policy on Cuba: Great news! #MAGA pic. twitter.   —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 16, 2017,  During a statement to reporters on Monday, National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster stated the Washington Post report that President Trump revealed highly classified information to Russia’s foreign minister is “false. ”  McMaster said, “The story that came out tonight, as reported is false. The president and the foreign minister reviewed a range of common threats to our two countries, including threats to civil aviation. At no time, at no time, were intelligence sources or methods discussed, and the president did not disclose any military operations that were not already publicly known. Two other senior officials who were present, including the secretary of state, remember the meeting the same way and have said so. Their on the record accounts should outweigh those of anonymous sources. And I was in the room, it didn’t happen. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett CBS News reports:  Secretary of State John Kerry said Friday that some possible foreign policy shifts by the Trump administration would be “explosive. ”[In an interview with CBS News National Security Correspondent David Martin, Kerry was asked what would happen if the incoming administration moves the U. S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, as Donald Trump has said he would do “fairly quickly. ”  “You’d have an explosion, an absolute explosion in the region, not just in the West Bank, and perhaps even in Israel itself, but throughout the region,” Kerry said. “If all of a sudden, Jerusalem is declared to be the location of our embassy, that has issues of sovereignty, issues of law that would deem to be affected by that move and by the United States acquiescing in that move and that would have profound impact on the readiness of Jordan and Egypt to be able to be supportive and engaged with Israel as they are today. ” Read the full story here. Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) said Senate Democrats will block President Donald Trump’s Supreme Court pick “if the nominee is out of the mainstream. ”  Schumer said, “If the nominee is not bipartisan and mainstream, we absolutely will keep the seat open. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN During MSNBC’s coverage of former FBI Director James Comey’s testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee earlier in the day, MSNBC host Nicolle Wallace called Donald Trump, Jr. ’s tweets criticizing Comey “pathetic. ”  Wallace said, “This idea of the son as the only person sort of channeling this president in attacking the character of Comey, I think, speaks for itself. A normal White House on a day like today would have, you know, former attorney general and people in law enforcement sort of making legal arguments. ” “This is a president without a lot of defenders in Congress, without a lot of defenders in the law enforcement community,” she continued. “For a guy who kills baby elephants for kicks to be giving James Comey a lesson in character and strength of character is rich at best and pathetic at worst. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The governments of Italy, France, and Germany Thursday flatly rejected U. S. President Donald Trump’s offer to renegotiate the Paris climate accord. [“We deem the momentum generated in Paris in December 2015 irreversible and we firmly believe that the Paris Agreement cannot be renegotiated, since it is a vital instrument for our planet, societies and economies,” the leaders of the three countries said in a joint statement.  Earlier Wednesday, Trump had announced that the U. S. would withdraw from the Paris agreement and immediately begin negotiations to   on terms that are “fair to the United States. ” The statement by French President Emmanuel Macron, Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni, and German Chancellor Angela Merkel indicates that Europe would rather keep the U. S. out of the Paris climate agreement than permit the U. S. to   on more favorable terms. That likely means that the U. S. will remain out of the agreement for the foreseeable future. President Donald Trump reacted to the ongoing hysteria from the media and the left about his relationship with Vladimir Putin after he again declined to denounce the Russian president in an interview with Bill O’Reilly. [“I don’t know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy  —   yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1 in terror, no problem!” Trump wrote on Twitter on Tuesday morning.  During the Fox News interview before the Super Bowl, Trump said that he had “respect” for Putin. “Well, I respect a lot of people, but that doesn’t mean I’m going to get along with him. He’s a leader of his country,” he said. “I say it’s better to get along with Russia than not. ” O’Reilly repeatedly called Putin “a killer,” suggesting to Trump that he should distance himself. “There are a lot of killers. We’ve got a lot of killers,” Trump replied, citing the Iraq War. “What do you think  —   our country’s so innocent? You think our country’s so innocent?” Friday at a press conference to address the controversy over her photo holding up a bloodied mask of President Donald Trump, Kathy Griffin accused Trump and his family of “personally trying to ruin my life forever. ”  Griffin said, “I feel horrible. I have performed in war zones. The idea that many people have been touched by this tragedy is horrifying, and it’s horrible. Trust me, if I could redo the whole thing, I would have had a blowup doll and no ketchup. I make mistakes. I’m an ‘out there’ comedian. I’m an ‘in your face’ comedian. But I just wanted to say, if you don’t stand up, you get run over. And what’s happening to me has never happened, ever in the history of this great country, which is that a sitting president of the United States and his grown children and the first lady are personally, I feel, personally trying to ruin my life forever. Forever! You guys know him. He’s never going to stop. ” (  Grabien) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN President Donald Trump golfed with Sen. Rand Paul this afternoon, together with White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney.  “We had a great day with the president. Played some golf, and we talked and we talked about a little bit of health care,” Paul told reporters after the game. “I continue to be very optimistic that we are getting closer and closer to an agreement on repealing Obamacare. ” The group golfed at the Trump National Golf Club in Sterling, Virgina, not far from Washington, D. C. Paul remains one of the toughest opponents of the House drafted bill to replace Obamacare, asserting that it doesn’t sufficiently repeal the bill. Earlier in the week, Paul met with journalist Matt Drudge of the Drudge Report to discuss the future of the country. “Intriguing lunch in hill office of America’s best senator, Rand Paul,” Drudge wrote afterwards on Twitter. “He’s bold, brave and has somehow kept his heart in such a corrupt city. ”   On Monday’s broadcast of “MSNBC Live,” NBC reporter Ron Allen stated, “Democrats are feeling somewhat desperate, you might even say. They’re demoralized by the results of the election, they see a hero in President Obama. ”  Allen said, “[H]is supporters, advocates, those who backed President Obama, they really want to hear from him. Democrats are feeling somewhat desperate, you might even say. They’re demoralized by the results of the election, they see a hero in President Obama. And the question is, whether he will play that big role, that big opposition leader role that so many of his supporters want. ” (  NewsBusters) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Gale Holland writes at the Los Angeles Times that although New York City remains the number one city for homelessness in America, the City of Angels far and away leads the nation in “unsheltered” homeless people.   The annual Los Angeles homeless count ended early Friday amid disappointment that the street encampments rankling residents across the city are still on the rise. The   event, which marshaled 7, 700 volunteers for a    hand count of homeless people and encampments, was held to update Los Angeles County’s homeless count, which stood at 47, 000 in 2016. Populations in shelters, transitional housing, and other facilities are also counted. Read the rest of the story here. Thursday at a press conference House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) vowed to pass a $15 minimum wage within 100 hours if Democrats retake the House of Representatives,  Pelosi said, “I’ll tell you one thing for sure: we win the election and in the first 100 hours we will pass a $15 minimum wage. ” (  NTK) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Friday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” Rep. Louie Gohmert ( ) said the proposed House Republican health care legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare “is not what any of us promised we would do. ”  Gohmert said, “It isn’t going to work. We’re told prices will probably go up 75 percent or so, but maybe in the third year, they may come down 10%. We’re told we should be thrilled we’ll give so much more power to the federal government to Health and Human Services under your bill. And they don’t have an answer for what about when it’s a Democrat in charge and not a Republican? And then, we were told it is based on a false premise. They lied to the president. They misrepresented to us. ” He added, “It is not what any of us promised we would do. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Friday on Fox News Channel’s “Tucker Carlson Tonight,” conservative commentator and author Ann Coulter said it was “utterly outrageous” that former FBI Director James Comey refused to publicly clear President Donald Trump of any collusion with Russia in the 2016 presidential election.  Coulter told host Tucker Carlson, “[W]e did not know, up until the testimony was released the night before Comey testified, that he had, in fact, as Trump said in his letter firing Comey, three times told President Trump that he was not under investigation. And what were his grounds for refusing to tell the public that?” “It’s the most insane thing I’ve ever heard,” Coulter added later. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent The Algemeiner reports: JNS. org  —    The Gaza Strip is bracing for a severe energy crisis after donor funds from Qatar and Turkey  —   used to purchase diesel fuel for the coastal enclave’s lone power plant  —   have run out. [The   energy authority in Gaza said it no longer has the funds to buy more diesel fuel and pay the requisite taxes, which are levied by the Palestinian Authority (PA) in Ramallah.  IDF Maj. Gen. Yoav Mordechai, head of Israel’s Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories unit, warned that fuel for the power station in Gaza would likely run out very soon. The   health ministry said Gaza residents’ lives were in danger due to rolling power cuts in an attempt to conserve fuel. Read more here. Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” host Chuck Todd said President Donald Trump’s executive halting immigration from seven   countries to the United States “established a religious test for refugees from those Muslim countries. ”  Todd said, “On Friday President Trump suspended the U. S. refugee program for 120 days, closed the borders on passport holders from seven Muslim majority countries for three months and barred Syrian refugees indefinitely. And Mr. Trump established a religious test for refugees from those Muslim countries allowing an exception for Christians and others from minority religions. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Pop singer Joy Villa joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Lee Stranahan on Friday to discuss reactions to the “Make America Great Again” dress she wore at the Grammy Awards on February 12 to show support for President Donald Trump. [It was an “overwhelming response of positivity,” said Villa, “really from the fans. A lot of people lambasted me, but the response was something that I did not expect. ”  Continued Villa, “My album [‘I Make the Static’] shot to number one on iTunes. ” Villa said her song “is literally in place to be in the top ten, or at least the top twenty,” on the Billboard 200 Albums Chart after her Grammy appearance. Billboard reports suggest it could reach as high as number two. That’s “unheard of for an independent artist,” said Villa. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  SAVANNAH, Ga. (AP)  —   Music legend Gregg Allman, whose bluesy vocals and soulful touch on the Hammond   organ helped propel the Allman Brothers Band to superstardom and spawn Southern rock, died Saturday, a publicist said. He was 69. [advertisement WHAT does the Prince of Wales most want to be when he finally grows up: A   political activist or a halfway decent king? [He can’t be both, unfortunately, as we’ve just been reminded by the ludicrous playground fight he is trying to pick with the new President of the USA.  Prince Charles is upset that Donald Trump doesn’t believe in   global warming. But instead of just handing him a signed copy of his new Ladybird book Climate Change  —   perhaps with “HINT! HINT!” scrawled on it in red crayon  —   when Trump arrives on his state visit the Prince apparently wants to give him a lecture. Read the rest here.  Thursday at a joint news conference with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, when asked if he urged FBI Director James Comey to close down the investigation into Michael Flynn, President Donald Trump denied doing so.  “No. No. Next question,” he replied. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Sunday on ABC’s “This Week. ” while discussing President Donald Trump’s tweets accusing the former Obama administration of wiretapping Trump Tower prior to the election, former Attorney General Michael Mukasey said that Trump was “right” that there was surveillance on Trump Tower for intelligence purposes.  Mukasey said, “This is the difference between being correct and right. The president was not correct in saying President Obama ordered a tap on a server in Trump Tower. However, I think he’s right in that there was surveillance and that it was conducted at the behest of the attorney general  —   at the Justice Department through the FISA court. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Friday on Fox News Channel’s “The Five,” while discussing President Donald Trump and Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) decision to not go forward with a vote on the American Health Care Act,   Eric Bolling said Ryan falsely led Trump to believe the bill was ready to pass.  Bolling said, “Think about long it took to get Obamacare through. It took time President Trump has been the    for 60 days, 60 and a couple days. They pushed that through. And if they really wanted  —   I don’t hate Paul Ryan. All you people saying you hate Paul Ryan. I hate what he did to the president. He led the president to believe this thing was ready to be passed. It could have passed but they need  —   Dana made a very good point. It needed a lot more discussion. It needed a lot more negotiating before they presented it. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Monday at Stanford Law School, Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said she “would like to change,” the Electoral College system.  Ginsburg said, “There are some things I would like to change, one is the Electoral College. ” She added, “But that would require a constitutional amendment, and amending our Constitution is powerfully hard to do. ” Ginsburg also bemoaned partisanship in Washington D. C. saying. “I wish there were a way I could wave a magic wand and put it back when people were respectful of each other and the Congress was working for the good of the country and not just along party lines. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” Representative Adam Schiff ( ) argued President Trump “loves these authoritarian figures,” and is “dimming the beacon of hope for the rest of the world. ”  Schiff said of the Russia investigation, “If there was no there there, James Comey would still have a job. ” He added that Trump “loves these authoritarian figures,” and has “provoked and continued these terrible divisions in our country, but he is dimming the beacon of hope for the rest of the world. People that are in prison because they demonstrated in Tahrir Square, and they were the secular opponents of the regime and people in the Philippines who lost loved ones when they were murdered in extrajudicial fashion, they look to the United States to speak for them. And it’s a grave tragedy all over the world if we lose that mantle of leadership. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett During an interview with Representative Adam Schiff ( ) on Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher said he wants Democrats to make the sale that “You’re either with us or with the Russians. ”  Maher said, “[W]hy can’t the Democrats make this sale? You’re either with us or with the Russians. Remember Bush? You’re either with us, or with the terrorists. I feel like  —   that’s what  —   all I want to hear. ” Schiff responded, “I will tell you this, if there was ever a time in our history where the argument [that] there has to be a check on this executive, we need to change the Congress so there is a Democratic House or Senate, or both, because this president needs a restraint, that argument is now. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett President Donald Trump reaffirmed his support for his Attorney General Jeff Sessions, despite Congressional Democrats calling for Sessions’ resignation. [During his visit to the PCU Gerald R. Ford in Newport News, VA, reporters shouted out questions about whether he supported Sessions.  “Sir, do you still have confidence in the attorney general? asked a CNN reporter. “Total,” replied Trump shortly, although he admitted he wasn’t aware of Sessions meeting with the Russian ambassador. When asked if he thought Sessions spoke truthfulfully during his Senate confirmation hearing, Trump replied, “I think he probably did. ” When asked if he should recuse himself from investigations into his campaign ties with Russian officials during the campaign, Trump replied, “I don’t think so. ” NEW YORK (AP)  —   William Peter Blatty, the author of “The Exorcist,” has died. He was 89. [Blatty’s widow, Julie, says her husband died Thursday at a hospital in Bethesda, Maryland. She says the cause of death was multiple myeloma, a form of blood cancer.  Blatty was a former Jesuit school valedictorian who conjured a tale of demonic possession and gave millions the fright of their lives with the   novel and   movie. Blatty’s story of a     inhabited by a satanic force was published in 1971 and sold more than 10 million copies. The film, starring Linda Blair, came out two years later and its box office topped $400 million worldwide. In a video posted by Facebook user Scott Koteskey on Saturday, a woman is shown verbally attacking a man for supporting President Donald Trump.  After complaining about the man and accusing him of being in her space, the woman is escorted off of the plane as other passengers cheer. The video below shows how the altercation began.  (  RCP Video) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo STOCKHOLM (AP)  —   Sweden’s prime minister says a truck crash in Stockholm was an attack on Sweden. It’s the latest in a string of incidents where drivers have used their vehicles as weapons. Some were orchestrated by extremist groups, others by unstable individuals with unclear motives. Radical groups have urged supporters to use any weapons at hand, including cars, a tactic that presents a major challenge for security forces around the world. Here’s a look at some other attacks:    Vice President Mike Pence has created a new leadership political action committee to help raise funds for Republicans in 2018 and 2020. [This is the first time a sitting Vice President has formed this kind of leadership group, according to NBC News.  The group will accept funds to help pay for Pence’s travel costs for various fundraisers for Republican House and Senate candidates. But it could also help Pence build a network of political donors if he decides to run for president himself one day. Presidential hopefuls use PACs to dole out funds to future congressmen in the hopes that they might return the favor with an endorsement or political support in the future. Pence aides Nick Ayers and Marty Obst will lead the PAC. Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press” that he has “no insight” on President Donald Trump’s accusations that former President Barack Obama wiretapped Trump Tower prior to the election.  “Again, I think the term wiretap is thrown around very loosely and by a lot of people,” Rubio told host Chuck Todd. “So we have to understand exactly what they’re talking about. Suffice it to say I don’t have any basis  —   I’ve never heard that allegation made before by anybody. I’ve never seen anything about that anywhere before. But again, may  —   the president put that out there and now the White House will have to answer to exactly what [Trump] was referring to. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” former Secretary of State John Kerry said President Donald Trump promising to negotiate a new deal on the Paris climate accord is like OJ Simpson saying he will find the real killer.  Kerry said, “Last year because of Paris, more money was spent on alternative renewable and sustainable development research and implementation than on fossil fuels. And when Donald Trump says to the world, well, we’re going to negotiate a better deal, I mean, you know, he’s going to go out and find a better deal. That’s like  —   I mean that’s like O. J. Simpson saying he’s going to find the real killer. He’s not going to do that because he doesn’t believe in it. If you did believe it, you wouldn’t pull out of Paris. America has unilaterally ceded global leadership on this issue. ”   NEW YORK (AP)  —   You’d think Twitter would be able to milk its status as President Donald Trump’s megaphone. But the company still faces stagnant user growth, has never made a profit and even reported a quarterly revenue decline Wednesday, a first since going public. [advertisement Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” New York Times   columnist David Brooks said he fears the Trump administration was “anarchy. ”  Brooks said, “Enemy of the people, I’m an enemy of the people. You know what? My fear of the administration as it’s shaken out so far is not that it’s incipient fascism it is that it is anarchy. There are 696 appointed jobs that require senate confirmation and the Trump administration hasn’t named 692 of them. So there is nobody home in the government. ” “The civil service has basically opted out because they’ve been offended by Trump,” he added. “and The court system has given themselves permission to block every Trump initiative because they have been attacked by Trump. The intelligence community is disarray or disaffection. To lead, you need a government. The government has gone AWOL. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The Times of Israel reports: WASHINGTON  —     Donald Trump’s incoming White House press secretary said Thursday that an announcement on the administration’s plan to relocate the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem was in the works. [Asked about Trump’s intention to make the move  —   upending decades of US foreign policy  —   Sean Spicer told reporters to “stay tuned” and that “there will be a further announcement on that. ”  Spicer’s statement comes less than 24 hours after US President Barack Obama warned his successor to be sure he’s “thought it through” this proposal, warning that “unilateral actions” in a volatile region like the Middle East can be “explosive. ” Read more here. Friday during a lengthy interview via Skype, former Fox News “The O’Reilly Factor” host Bill O’Reilly discussed his possible future plans with Newsmax TV’s John Bachman.  O’Reilly said television could be in the works, or he could keep his presence on the Internet. “I may come back to television, it depends,” O’Reilly said. “We’re living in a pretty vicious age now. Whoever I work for is going to have to have a lot of courage to stop the far left from attacking sponsors and spreading lies about people. ” “I may come back to television, or I may continue on the ‘net,” he said. “We tweeted during the Comey hearings. Three million people were involved with the tweeting that I did on that. This is a very powerful medium, as is Newsmax. ” O’Reilly commended his former colleague Sean Hannity, who O’Reilly argued the same type of attacks properly. (  Newsmax) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor ANKARA, Turkey (AP)  —   Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan says his country plans to build walls along its borders with Iraq and Iran, similar to the one currently being erected along the frontier with Syria. [Erdogan said Thursday that Turkey has so far completed the construction of a   ( ) stretch of the wall along the   border with Syria.  Turkey began building the wall in 2014 to boost its security by preventing infiltrations of Kurdish militants and Islamic State group fighters as well as refugees from Syria. Erdogan said Turkey aims to build along its entire border with Syria. He added: “We’ll do the same along the Iraqi border and in appropriate places along the Iranian border. ” An illegal immigrant who was convicted of drunk driving is facing deportation out of the U. S. for the seventh time. [Oscar De La   31, pleaded guilty to driving while intoxicated, as well as resisting arrest from local police after they pulled him over, according to CBS 4 News.  This was not the first conviction for  . Court records show that   had been previously convicted of drunk driving, along with evading arrest and causing injuries to another person. Even worse,   has been deported six times. “Record checks revealed the defendant was formally removed from the United States to Mexico for the sixth (6th) time on March 3, 2016 via the Brownsville, Texas Port of Entry,” a court record obtained by CBS 4 News stated. John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder. Stephen K. Bannon (or, for those who wish to maximize their SEO, Steve Bannon)  —   former Executive Chairman to Breitbart News  —   tells the New York Times’ Michael Grynbaum that the “elite media” has “no authority” to report on what the American people want out of   President Donald Trump. [advertisement On Thursday’s broadcast of CNN’s “The Lead,” anchor Jake Tapper said that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s remarks where she placed some of the blame for her defeat on Vladimir Putin and FBI Director James Comey show “she doesn’t seem to have done enough introspection. ”  “[O]bviously, Putin, Comey, etc. there’s a whole list of reasons why she didn’t win, but she doesn’t seem to have done enough introspection.   …     There doesn’t seem to be a whole lot of introspection when it comes to, no one  —   you know, Putin didn’t tell you, ‘Don’t go to Wisconsin.’ James Comey didn’t tell you, ‘Call   of the country deplorable. ’” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Mayor Baraka on #Trump apparently wanting to make santuary cities into ”fugitive slave catchers” https:  .  #PoliticsNation, Sunday on MSNBC’s “PoliticsNation,” Newark, NJ Mayor Ras Baraka (D) said President Donald Trump’s administration’s threat to withhold federal funding from sanctuary cities was ” trying to intimidate” them into becoming “fugitive slave catchers. ”  Baraka said, “I think that them targeting sanctuary cities is a way for them to tell mayors and other folks around the country: one, that they’re sticking to what, I think, is a very unconstitutional and   policy. And trying to intimidate us into being what I’ve called ‘fugitive slave catchers’ that run around and do their bidding in our cities. And if we refuse to do that, then it makes it difficult for them to continue their policy because they don’t have the resources to kind of run down all the undocumented residents locally. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Alibaba, the massive Chinese online retailer that competes with Amazon, wants to expand in the United States, promising to bring 1 million jobs to the country.[  Donald Trump met with Alibaba executive chairman Jack Ma in Trump Tower to discuss his plans, CNBC reports.  After the meeting at Trump Tower, the   appeared with Ma to talk with reporters. “We had a great meeting. And a great, great entrepreneur, one of the best in the world. And he loves this country and he loves China,” he said.  Trump’s announcement demonstrates that he wants not only to keep American jobs from going overseas, but to bring jobs from overseas into the United States. “I think Mr. Trump is very smart and has an open mind,” Ma said, speaking with reporters. “I told him of my ideas and how we can improve the trade with China especially small businesses. ” In December, the Japanese company Softbank announced that it planned to invest $50 billion in the United States, and would create 50, 000 jobs.   Andrew Breitbart, 1969  —   2012,  10 years ago, when my lifelong friend, Andrew Breitbart, approached me to partner up with him on a new media venture, his pitch was very simple: Let’s change the world. Well, my friends  …    . Rep. Jim Jordan ( ) joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow Monday to discuss the need for Congress to repeal Obamacare. [Jordan said, “We should be moving a lot quicker” to repeal the healthcare law. “Let’s go,” he added.  “Even the speaker has said he wants to [repeal Obamacare] here in the next six to eight weeks,” said Jordan. “That’s certainly what Mark Meadows and I have said and the Freedom Caucus and others have said,” he continued. “We should at least be able to put something on President Trump’s desk that we put on President Obama’s desk, for goodness sake,” said Jordan. “Let’s send a repeal bill there as quickly as we can,” he added, with a replacement bill to follow. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  Former Major League Baseball star Curt Schilling said in an interview with TMZ Sports that the outspokenness of his political views are keeping him out of the MLB Hall of Fame.  “[Voters] are not hiding the fact that they’ve stopped voting for me because of the thing I’ve said on social media,” Schilling said. “That’s their prerogative as voters. ” “If I had said, ‘Lynch Trump,’ I’d be getting in with about 90 percent of the vote this year,” he added. Schilling’s lifetime regular season numbers included a   record, 3. 46 ERA and 3, 116 strikeouts (15th   per Baseball Reference) are good career numbers, but his postseason   record with a 2. 23 ERA in 19 starts and three World Series titles make him among the elite. Schilling did say that if he does not get voted in, then so be it. He said, “My dad told me when you leave home at 18 the word ‘fair’ goes out the window. I’m ok with that. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,”   Donald Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway said WikiLeaks and Russia hacking did not have an influence the 2016 U. S. presidential election because they did not “convince the American people” that they didn’t like Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.  Conway said, “Look, if you look at CNN’s own polling data for one year for the election, Hillary Clinton was viewed by a majority of Americans unlikable and a higher number over 60 percent dishonest or trustworthy, that had nothing to do with Moscow. ” She added, “We didn’t need WikiLeaks to convince the American people that they didn’t like her, didn’t trust her, didn’t find her to be honest. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN ”[Pres. Trump] is in there 40 days, and the previous president had to speak out,” @JoyVBehar said of Pres. George W. Bush’s criticism. pic. twitter.  On Tuesday’s broadcast of ABC’s “The View,”   Joy Behar reacted to former President George W. Bush’s criticisms of President Trump by saying that “I love George Bush now. ”  Behar said, “The thing about this is that Donald has now done something I thought he would never do. I like him  —   I like the fact that George Bush  —   I like George Bush now, is what I’m trying to say. I’m having trouble saying it. ” She added, “I was after this guy for eight years, and now he has done something, he’s made me like George Bush. I might even buy one of his paintings. I love George Bush now. ” (  Mediaite) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Sen. Lindsey Graham, a frequent critic of Donald Trump, met with the president for lunch on Tuesday to find common ground. [In a statement, Graham told reporters that the lunch went so well that he gave the president his “NEW cell phone number,” referring to the old cell phone number, which Trump publicly gave out during his presidential campaign after the Senator criticized him.  “I had a great lunch meeting with President Trump today,” he said. “He is strongly committed to rebuilding our military, which is music to my ears. ” Graham didn’t mention Russia or Syria  —   issues on which The President and the South Carolina senator differ considerably. But he did appear to welcome Trump’s committment to working with Congress. “President Trump is in   mode, and I hope Congress is ” he said. On Monday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Hardball,” host Chris Matthews wondered if the IRS could state that President Trump isn’t really under audit, and stated that it “would be a good leak” if someone at the IRS leaked that Trump isn’t under audit, because “we know there’s no audit. ”  Matthews said, “[W]e know there’s no audit. Can’t the IRS  —   they claim the  —   can’t the IRS just make a statement, ‘He’s not under audit’? Just make the announcement. Can’t somebody  —   by the way, that would be a good leak. Somebody from the IRS just leak it. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett NEW YORK (AP)  —   The U. S. government has dropped its request for Twitter to produce records that could identify users behind an account opposed to President Donald Trump, the company said Friday. [advertisement President Donald Trump signed five executive actions Tuesday, moving forward the process to build the Keystone XL and Dakota Access oil pipelines, pushing for the companies to use pipes manufactured in the United States. [“We will build our own pipeline. We will build our own pipes   …     like we used to in the old days,” Trump said after signing the orders.  Other executive actions included a process to expedite environmental approvals for new infrastructures and a process to streamline regulations. Trump called the permitting processing “incredibly cumbersome, long, [and] horrible,” and he called the regulatory process “a   mess. ” By expediting the process, he explained, he could increase the speed of major projects, putting more American workers back to work. BREAKING: The House just passed the worst bill for women in a generation. The #AHCA blocks access to PP, takes coverage away from millions. pic. twitter.  Thursday, after the House of Representatives passed the revised version of the American Health Care Act (AHCA) Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards released a video on Twitter pleading with voters to call their senators to stop the bill.  Calling it the “worst bill for women and women’s health in a generation,” she said, “we have got to stop it in the Senate, but it’s going to take every single one of us. We have one job in this moment. Call you senators, and tell them that you oppose the American Health Care Act. This is the fight of our lives. ” Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN A New Jersey man pleaded guilty Monday to a food stamp fraud scheme that defrauded the government of more than $800, 000. [Miguel Antonio Azcona of Irvington pleaded guilty in federal court to a single count of theft of government funds before U. S. District Judge Mary L. Cooper in Trenton, NJ Advance Media reports.  Azcona, 38, ran a scheme where customers at his Newark convenience store, New Community Supermarket on Springfield Avenue, would trade Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program benefits for cash, prosecutors say. Store employees would keep a percentage of the transaction for Azcona’s benefit, according to prosecutors. Authorities say the scheme defrauded the government of $840, 584. Azcona faces up to ten years in prison and a $250, 000 fine, according to the U. S. Attorney’s Office. A sentencing hearing has been scheduled for May 3. On Friday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “The Last Word,” Fordham University Associate Professor of Political Science Christina Greer stated that President Trump “wants his base supporters to see  —   this is a white supremacist administration, and he wants them to see this leadership. Women are not involved. People of color are not involved. ”  Greer said, “I think the visual of the all older, white  —   predominantly white men [at the celebration of the AHCA passing the House] is deliberate. I mean, he’s done this with his executive orders. He wants his base supporters to see  —   this is a white supremacist administration, and he wants them to see this leadership. Women are not involved. People of color are not involved. And I think that this is a very clear  —   I mean, it’s a branding thing, and it’s him and sort of his ilk. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett (Reuters)  —   The U. S. State Department will allow people with valid visas into the United States, a department official said on Saturday, in order to comply with an opinion from a federal judge in Seattle barring President Donald Trump’s executive action. [“We have reversed the provisional revocation of visas,” the State Department official said in a statement. “Those individuals with visas that were not physically canceled may now travel if the visa is otherwise valid. ” .@PeterAlexander Sec. Mnuchin on Pres. Trump’s taxes: ”The president has no intention    the president has released plenty” of info. https:  .  Wednesday at the White House press briefing, when asked if President Donald Trump will release his tax returns, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said that the president had “released plenty of information” that he had “given more financial disclosure than anybody else. ”  Mnuchin said, “The president has no intention  —   the president has released plenty of information and I think has given more financial disclosure than anybody else. I think the American population has plenty of information. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The Times of Israel reports: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu praised US President Donald Trump for condemning a recent spate of   incidents in the US, saying that “it is very important that President Trump took a strong stand against  . ”[Trump’s condemnation of denunciation of   as “horrible,” “painful” and a “sad reminder” of evil on Tuesday came after the US president faced mounting criticism from US Jewish groups for failing to explicitly denounce  . The US president’s comments came a day after bomb threats were issued against Jewish community centers across the United States for the fourth time in just over a month, and after gravestones were toppled at a Jewish cemetery in St. Louis.  Speaking at an event for the Jewish community Wednesday at the Great Synagogue in Sydney, where he is on a state visit, Netanyahu described   as a growing trend that needs to be combated. Read more here. The Texas Attorney General won a nationwide preliminary injunction to block a new Obamacare mandate requiring taxpayers to fund transgender reassignment surgeries and abortions. The new rule which defines “sex” as a state of mind was scheduled to take effect January 1, 2017.  Nationwide Injunction on Obamacare Requiring Taxpayers to Fund Transgender Reassignment Surgery by lanashadwick on Scribd,  Friday in an interview with Buzzfeed News, the president of Planned Parenthood Cecile Richards said that people need to “quit the hysteria” over the abortion debate because “it harms women. ”  Richards said, “The heated rhetoric around Planned Parenthood, around abortion rights, around abortion doctors is actually really important, and it’s really harmful. ” She added,”I do think it’s time we actually talk about the issue of abortion, the importance of it being safe and legal and available to women no matter their income, where they live, and quit, quit the hysteria, because it actually, it harms women, and harms women often who have the least ability to get health care in America. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Friday at the Annie’s List Annual Houston Luncheon, former 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton addressed President Donald Trump’s missile strike on Syria in response to that country’s alleged use of chemical weapons.  Referring to Trump’s position against America accepting refugees from Syria, Clinton said, “The action taken last night needs to be followed by a broader strategy to end Syria’s civil war. And to eliminate ISIS strongholds on both sides of the border. So I hope this administration will move forward in a way that is both strategic and consistent with our values. And I also hope that they will recognize we cannot in one breath speak of protecting Syrian babies and in the next, close America’s doors to them. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Monday during a news conference in Trenton, NJ, Gov. Chris Christie ( ) told reporters he warned candidate and   Donald Trump about the risks of allowing retired Gen. Mike Flynn to be a part of his administration.  Gov. Chris Christie: I warned President Trump about Michael Flynn https:  .  https:  .   —   New Day (@NewDay) May 23, 2017,  “It’s safe to say General Flynn and I didn’t see eye to eye,” said Christie, “in that I didn’t feel that he was someone who would bring benefit to the president or to the administration. And I made that very clear to candidate Trump, and I made it very clear to   Trump. ” “If I were   of the United States, I wouldn’t let General Flynn in the White House,” he later added. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor On Friday’s “CBS This Morning,” Senator Bernie Sanders stated that he thinks it’s “unfortunate” President Obama is speaking at a Wall Street investment bank for $400, 000, “and I would have hoped that the president would not have given a speech like this. ”  Sanders said, “Look, President Obama’s a friend of mine. I think he, as president, represented the country with integrity and intelligence, but I think at a time when people are so frustrated with the power of Wall Street and the big money interests, I think it is unfortunate that President Obama doing this. You know, right now you have President Trump’s key economic adviser, as you know, he’s Gary Cohn, former President of Goldman Sachs, a firm that paid $5 billion in federal fines because of illegal behavior. Wall Street has incredible power, and I would have hoped that the president would not have given a speech like this. ” (  WFB) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett VATICAN CITY (AFP)  —   Pope Francis will meet with the leaders of all EU nations at the Vatican on March 24 ahead of the bloc’s special summit in Rome, Vatican sources said Thursday. [The March 25 summit will mark the 60th anniversary of the bloc’s founding treaty. The pontiff will meet the leaders in the afternoon, the sources said.  The pope has already received EU leaders at the Vatican in May 2016 when he was presented with the bloc’s Charlemagne Prize for his contribution to European unification. In a speech at that ceremony he called on them to “tear down the walls” and build a fairer society. Invoking the memory of the EU founding fathers’ pursuit of integration in the aftermath of World War II, the pontiff said they inspired because they had “dared to change radically the models” that had led to war. The pope also made a speech to the European Parliament in Strasbourg in November 2014. Reuters reports:  President Donald Trump said on Thursday that “nothing is off the table” in dealing with Iran following its test launch of a ballistic missile, and his fellow Republicans in Congress said they would back him up with new sanctions. [Trump comment was in response to a question about whether he would consider military options to respond to Tehran, a day after his national security adviser, Michael Flynn, put Iran “on notice. ”  It was not clear what Trump meant. Every recent U. S. president, including Democratic predecessor Barack Obama, has said that U. S. military options were not off the table to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. Paul Ryan, the speaker of the House of Representatives, said the United States should stop “appeasing” Tehran. Read the full story here. Monday at the White House press briefing, CNN reporter Jim Acosta asked if President Donald Trump criticized London Mayor Sadiq Khan on Twitter because he was Muslim.  Acosta said, “There are going to be folks who are going to ask the question was the president attacking the major of London because he is Muslim. ” White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders said, “Not at all. And I think to suggest something like that is utterly ridiculous. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN  BERLIN (AP)  —   German Chancellor Angela Merkel is likely to meet with U. S. Vice President Mike Pence next week. [advertisement BUFFALO, N. Y. (AP)  —     Villanova was bounced from the NCAA Tournament by   Wisconsin, which overcame foul trouble for two of its stars in the second half Saturday to upset the defending champions   in the East region.  Nigel Hayes scored 19 points, dropping a layup in traffic with 11. 4 seconds left to put Wisconsin ahead   and Bronson Koenig added 17 for the   Badgers ( ) who are going back to the Sweet 16 for the fourth straight year. They’ll play next week at New York’s Madison Square Garden after knocking off Villanova ( ). Josh Hart scored 19 to lead Villanova, but the senior guard was stripped by Wisconsin center Ethan Happ on a drive in the final seconds. Wisconsin’s Vitto Brown then split a pair of free throws with four seconds left, but Villanova couldn’t get off a final shot. At a White House press gaggle Wednesday with no cameras present, press secretary Sean Spicer explained how the Navy SEAL widow was invited to the president’s address to both houses of Congress Tuesday night. [advertisement On Saturday’s “Justice” on Fox News Channel, Ann Coulter, author of “In Trump We Trust: E Pluribus Awesome!” noted the Democratic party’s hypocrisy for being upset over the alleged ties between Russia and President Donald Trump while former DNC Chairwoman Donna Brazile fed Hillary Clinton confidential questions for an upcoming primary debate.  “It’s starting to look like the reason the Democrats are so upset about this alleged Russian interference in the election is because they think they are the only ones who should be able to fix elections,” Coulter told host Judge Jeanine Pirro. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Ivanka Trump’s line of women’s fragrances has soared to the number one spot on Amazon’s best sellers list. [Ivanka Trump Eau de Parfum Spray For Women sits at number one on the retail giant’s top sellers list. Also topping the list is IVANKA TRUMP For Women 0. 20 Eau de Parfum Roller Ball, which is the number two best seller on the women’s fragrances list.  Trump’s brand products are currently beating out women’s fragrances by pop stars Jennifer Lopez and Britney Spears as well as fragrances lines from Vera Wang, Giorgio Armani, Marc Jacobs, and Versace. The sales spike for Trump’s beauty products comes in the wake of retailers choosing to drop the first daughter’s products from their website or physical locations. Last week, Burlington removed all 13 of Trump’s fashion products from its website. Earlier this month, Nordstrom said it would stop selling Ivanka Trump’s brand citing weak sales. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson Video: @TomFriedman quips: a few more early morning tweets by Trump and people will talk about “taking away the nuclear codes” #MTP #TTT pic. twitter.  Sunday, New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman predicted on NBC’s “Meet the Press” that if President Donald Trump continues his early morning tweets, people will soon be talking about taking away his nuclear codes.  “You know, Chuck, a few more mornings like this of 6:00 a. m. tweets and people are not going to talking about taking away his Twitter, they’re going to be talking about taking away his football. And I mean the nuclear codes,” Friedman told host Chuck Todd. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent The American economy is expanding at a 4. 1% annualized rate in the second quarter, according to the Atlanta Federal Reserve’s GDPNow model. [Domestic factory production grew 1% in April, the largest monthly gain in more than three years, according to government data released Tuesday. Housing starts declined 2. 6%.  The forecast for residential investment growth rose to 8. 3 percent from 6. 0 percent. The forecast for final sales to private purchasers climbed to 3. 6 percent from 3. 3 percent. Inventory investment is forecast to grow 1. 2 percent from 1. 0 percent. Much of the inventory growth was concentrated in motor vehicle and parts dealers. The Atlanta Fed’s GDPNOW provides a real time look at the U. S. economy prior to the release of the official estimate of gross domestic product.     During a Monday welfare check, deputies in Jonesborough, TN discovered a girl with autism was locked in a cage that smelled like “urine and feces,” says a WJHL report.  Authorities were following up on a tip that a child was kept in a cage at a home owned by    Mickey Sparks and    Patricia Lewis. Upon arrival, they found the    girl locked in a wooden cage on a mattress in a bedroom. Court documents reveal that Sparks and Lewis kept the girl in the cage because “they were able to control the child better by locking her up,” and had done so for the last three or four years. Sparks told investigators that the Department of Children’s Services (DCS) was aware of the cage and its purpose, but they cannot find reports of DCS approving the cage. Sparks and Lewis were both arrested and charged with aggravated child abuse and neglect. They remain in jail on a $50, 000 bond. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” newly elected Democratic National Committee chairman Tom Perez said President Donald Trump, had not proposed anything “but chaos and carnage. ”  Partial transcript as follows: TODD: What is, though, you’re out there and even the words impeachment was thrown a lot during the democratic gathering and this idea of resistance and even Hillary Clinton calling for resistance of the party. If that’s the message, does that mean, is that a signal to the Senate and House Democrats you can’t work with President Trump no matter what he proposes? PEREZ:  Well, he hasn’t proposed anything but chaos and carnage. TODD: He’s talking about a trillion dollar infrastructure proposal and something that Bernie Sanders has been talking about for a decade. (  Grabien) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” Jane Fonda declared, “[W]e have to include race and class in everything we do as we go forward. ”  Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett The White House is on security lockdown as the Secret Service is responding to an individual attempting to jump the fence. [According to the Secret Service, an individual jumped the bike rack barrier outside the main fence on the North line of Pennsylvania Avenue. The suspect is in custody.  White House reporters were ordered by Secret Service to retreat to the area of the press briefing room where they watched for details of the apprehension. Another reported fence jumper at the White House  —   reporters on lockdown pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) May 16, 2017,  Several staff members in the executive office building next to the White House stepped out on the balcony to watch the commotion during the lockdown. BERLIN (AP)  —   German police say a man apparently drove a vehicle into people in a central square in the city of Heidelberg, injuring three people, then fled and was shot after being tracked down by officers. [advertisement A convicted felon illegal alien gang member has been indicted for   the United States a third time. [Luis Bernardo   a    criminal alien from Mexico who is associated with the Sureños (Sur 13) street gang, was indicted in the Middle District of Florida after having already been deported twice from the U. S.  In May 2009,   was convicted of burglary. In June 2012, he was formally deported from the U. S. by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). Then, in June 2013,   was reported to have   the U. S. again, and was subsequently deported for the second time.   is facing deportation for the third time after ICE agents encountered the illegal alien gang member in April 2017. According to ICE,   is facing a maximum penalty for 20 years in federal prison since his deportation was subsequent to his conviction for an aggravated felony. John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder. PARIS (AP)  —   The Paris prosecutor says the   attacker had a note defending the Islamic State group with him when he opened fire on police officers. [advertisement Demonstrators in Atlanta protested CNN and fake news.  Video via GFVLIVE, Follow Breitbart News on Twitter @BreitbartNews (AP)  —   A federal judge in Pittsburgh has sentenced former “Dance Moms” reality TV star Abby Lee Miller to a year and a day in prison for bankruptcy fraud and bringing $120, 000 worth of Australian currency into the country without reporting it. [The judge also on Tuesday ordered Miller, who pleaded guilty in both cases last year, to pay a $40, 000 fine and spend two years on probation following her release.  The sentencing hearing began in January and continued this week but was drawn out by arguments about how much financial harm was done, if any. Prosecutors said she tried to cheat her creditors by hiding $775, 000 worth of income and deserved prison. Miller’s attorneys argued for probation, saying her creditors were made whole after the fraud was discovered. Robert Draper profiles the Trump White House in New York Times Magazine  —   revealing a 2013 anecdote where   News Executive Chairman Steve Bannon tried to recruit  . Jeff Sessions to run for president. [advertisement Erie Community College (NJCAA) player storms out of penalty box to level referee late in 3rd period, ending national title game pic. twitter.  With 39 seconds remaining in the National Junior College Athletic Association championship game, an Erie Community College hockey player left the penalty box and went after a referee Sunday.  Freshman defenseman Brandon Day attacked the referee while his team was trailing   to Dakota College at Bottineau. After the attack, officials decided to call the game, which AP reports is the end of the NJCAA hockey championship due to lack of competition. Per a report by WKBW, Day was taken into custody and charged with assault for his attack. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time with Bill Maher,” journalist and former Conservative member of the UK Parliament Louise Mensch stated that the slogan “America First” is “a Nazi slogan being pushed by Russia, who are quite literally attacking, not only America, but the whole of the West. ”  Mensch said, “‘America First’ is a Russian slogan. It’s a Nazi slogan being pushed by Russia, who are quite literally attacking, not only America, but the whole of the West. Every country in Europe is undergoing these bots, the troll army. And what are we doing about it? Nothing. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett The Jerusalem Post reports: The Palestinian leadership should downgrade its diplomatic ties with the United States, if the American Embassy is relocated from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, a top Fatah official said on Monday. [“If that [the relocation of the embassy] takes place, the Palestinian side would have to sever its ties with the official staff of the illegal US embassy in Jerusalem. In addition to that, there is the issue of the Palestinian political representative’s office in Washington, it would also be necessary to close [it],” Nasser   a Fatah Central Committee member, told   a Palestinian daily newspaper, clarifying that the relocation the of the US Embassy would leave the Palestinians with “no other choice. ”  The Palestinian Authority and the US have held a close relationship since the establishment of the PA in the early 1990s, to which the US has sent hundreds of millions of dollars. Read more here. On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” during the panel discussion about President Donald Trump firing FBI Director James Comey, Washington Post journalist Bob Woodward known for his 1972 Watergate said the Comey firing was “not yet Watergate. ”  Woodward said, “This is not yet Watergate. Not a clear crime on the Russian issue. Senator Warner and others have said, there are a thousand questions and they should be answered. There is no evidence that President Trump at this point was somehow involved in collusion here. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN CNN’s Chris Cuomo cautioned “New Day” viewers Tuesday to beware what he called the “fake scandal being peddled by   media” that is the report that former National Security Advisor Susan Rice was behind the unmasking of identities of members of the Trump transition team.  According to Cuomo, there is “no evidence of any wrongdoing. ” “So President Trump wants you to believe that he is the victim of a ‘crooked scheme.’ Those are his words. And here are our words: There is no evidence of any wrongdoing,” Cuomo said. He continued, “And, in fact, if anything the [national security adviser] asking for identities was a reflection of exactly how much traffic there was involving Trump people and foreign players. The White House blasting the press for not reporting on another fake scandal being peddled by   media. ” Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Friday at night at a St Patrick’s Day event in Scranton PA, 2016 Democratic presidential candidate and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton referenced a picture of her walking in the woods of Chappaquiddick near her home days after her presidential defeat when she said, “I am ready to, you know, come out of the woods. ”  Clinton said, “I have a hard time watching the news, I’ll confess. ” She added, “I am ready to, you know, come out of the woods. And to help shine a light on what is already happening around kitchen tables, at dinners like this, to help draw strength that will enable everybody to keep going. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Saturday, Democratic strategist and former Clinton campaign manager Jess McIntosh said on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” that President Donald Trump is “absolutely a dystopian super villain. ”  “Trump is absolutely a dystopian super villain, like for sure,” McIntosh said in a discussion about the new “Justice League” trailer. Mother Jones’ David Corn then chimed in, adding that White House chief strategist Steve Bannon is a super villain and “perverse form of Gotham City. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent (Reuters)  —   A senior Verizon Communications Inc executive said on Thursday that the company was unsure about its planned acquisition of Yahoo Inc’s internet business. [Yahoo came under renewed scrutiny by federal investigators and lawmakers last month after disclosing the largest known data breach in history, prompting Verizon to demand better terms for its planned purchase.  “I can’t sit here today and say with confidence one way or another because we still don’t know,” Marni Walden, president of product innovation and new businesses at Verizon, said at the Citi 2017 Internet, Media  Telecommunications Conference in Las Vegas. Walden added that the merits of the deal still made sense and that there were certain aspects of the investigation that had yet to be completed. Read the rest of the story at Reuters. During this week’s “Saturday Night Live” cold open, Alec Baldwin as Donald Trump was forced to settle the rumored conflict between Chief Strategist Steve Bannon and senior adviser Jared Kushner in a reality TV show finale.  Baldwin chose his    Kushner, played by this week’s SNL host Jimmy Fallon. After losing, Bannon, played by his usual Grim Reaper, was then sent to hell while “Kushner” took over the president’s desk as “Trump” sat at a much smaller desk to the side. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent President Trump: ”Freedom is not a gift from government. Freedom is a gift from God” https:  .  https:  .  Thursday in the Rose Garden at the White House, President Donald Trump declared freedom to be “a gift from God” before signing an executive order to protect the   status of churches and religious groups if they engaged in politics.  Trump said, “We remember this eternal truth. Freedom is not a gift from government. Freedom is a gift from God. It was Thomas Jefferson who said the God who gave us life gave us liberty. Our Founding Fathers believed that religious liberty was so fundamental that they enshrined it in the very First Amendment of our great beloved Constitution. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On this weekend’s broadcast “Fox News Sunday,” House Freedom Caucus vice chairman Jim Jordan ( ) said the Freedom Caucus did the “country a favor” when they refused to support the House Republican health care bill.  Jordan said, “Let’s get back to work and do what we told the voters we would do. Remember this bill  —   17 percent of the country approved of this bill. Maybe the fact that we opposed it, we did that country a favor because this bill didn’t repeal Obamacare. This bill didn’t do what we told the American people we would do. Let’s be responsible, get back to work and do what we told the American people what we were going to accomplish which is repeal Obamacare and replace it with a   health care program. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN ”He has lied as no President of the United States in my lifetime has,” @carlbernstein says of Trump https:  .  Sunday on  CNN’s “Reliable Sources,” reporter Carl Bernstein said President Donald Trump had “lied as no president of the United States in my lifetime. ”  Bernstein said “I wish this president well. He is the duly elected president of the United States, and he deserves respect as the duly elected president of the United States. That doesn’t mean he deserves not to be called on lies. He has lied as no president of the United States in my lifetime has, day in and day out. It is our job to look, as I said in that address to the correspondents’ dinner last night: follow the money, yes, but follow the lies as well. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Nintendo isn’t particularly happy about seeing unlicensed recreations of its characters speeding around on public roads and has decided to sue a   company for infringing upon its intellectual property. [A Japanese company by the name of Marika Co. lets customers rent “public road”   that bear a distinct resemblance to a certain   plumber and his friends.  It looks like a pretty    case. The   rental service provides Mario, Luigi, Princess Peach, and Toad costumes to its customers. There isn’t even any effort to differentiate the costumes from Nintendo’s legally owned characters. And if that wasn’t galling enough, Nintendo thinks it’s pretty clear that “Marika” is meant as an abbreviation of “Mario Kart. ” Even “Nintondo” puts in more effort when ripping off Nintendo’s games. There has been no official response to Nintendo’s claim. This week’s “Saturday Night Live” host Melissa McCarthy reprised her role as White House press secretary Sean Spicer in a skit where “Spicer” learned he was possibly being fired and replaced by Sarah Huckabee Sanders.  McCarthy’s Spicer stormed out of the press briefing on the motorized podium and went to New York to find out from President Donald Trump himself at Trump Tower. After no luck at Trump Tower, McCarthy’s Spicer finds Alec Baldwin’s President Donald Trump at a golf course in New Jersey. “Trump” then denies the rumors of firing “Spicer” and the two kiss. “I’m famous, it’s OK,” Baldwin says. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Like everyone’s saying, it’s the end of an error. Obama is gone. [Time to undo what the Community Organizer organized for America: astronomically increased debt, a disrespected law enforcement and military community, numerous ticked off allies, newly empowered enemies, erasure of borders, and demographic divisions aplenty.  Obama is free now to stammer on about fulfilling his promises, like he’ll “negotiate healthcare reform in public sessions, televised on    …     Everyone gets a seat at the table. ” [emphasis added] There’s a new sheriff in town. Here’s hoping he’s got a posse of deputies who understand why we elected Donald J. Trump and won’t undermine our movement. The mandate: drain the swamp  —   those   on obstruction included. It’s RINO season. We will recover from Obama. The question is, how soon can we recover from the people who voted for him. Twice. WARSAW, Poland (AP)  —   Poland’s Foreign Ministry says it has written to the European Union in response to the bloc’s recommendations on rule of law in the country, the latest step in a standoff between Warsaw’s populist government and EU officials concerned about weakening democratic standards. [advertisement Dan Gainor, Vice President of Business and Culture at the Media Research Center joined Breitbart News Daily host Alex Marlow on Monday to discuss media reaction to the   shooter of Rep. Steve Scalise ( ) and the Megyn Kelly interview with Alex Jones of InfoWars. [Said Gainor, “It was pretty obvious in the interview   …     if it was against anybody else you would say it was a hit job. Because it was Alex Jones, he certainly made his bed. A lot of the things in there were correct to point out. He’s said some crazy stuff. ”  “But,” Gainor continued, “they also put on Charlie Sykes, who is a never Trumper as a way of attacking him. ” While not defending Jones, Gainor made it clear that they seemed to go out of their way to demonize him, just as they always do to many conservatives, as well. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN:   Retired boxer Floyd Mayweather, Jr. told TMZ Sports that he is planning on being at Donald Trump’s inauguration next week, and he is hopeful Trump will be a good president.  “Barack Obama was a good president and, hopefully, Donald Trump is a good president,” Mayweather said. “We don’t know what can happen in life,” Mayweather said of Trump’s upcoming presidency. “Only thing we can do is keep our fingers crossed, pray and hope for the best. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” White House budget director Mick Mulvaney accused Democrats of “stunning” obstructionism by not agreeing to a deal for funding for a U. S.  border wall in exchange for Affordable Care Act subsidies in the spending bill that would keep the government from shutting down.  Mulvaney said, “Actually, what I would say is they’re holding hostage national security. Again, something they supported in the recent past when President Obama was in the Senate. So we don’t understand why this is breaking down like this. We’re worried that this is sending a message that this is going to be the next four years. That Neil Gorsuch was not a one of thing, that the Democrats will oppose everything that this president wants to do, which is stunning to us, especially when we are offering them something they want in return. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher argued that   United States Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch has never shown any empathy toward a human being. ” And wished those who thought Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was “the lesser of two evils,” “good luck with your   abortion. ”  Maher said, “Neil Gorsuch could be there for 40 years, and this guy has never shown any empathy toward a human being. ” He added, “So, those people who said Hillary was the lesser of two evils, good luck with your   abortion. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett An attendee at MILO’s canceled UC Berkeley event was pepper sprayed by a protester while she gave an interview to a reporter. [Woman wearing #  hat pepper sprayed at #UCBerkeley protests. She  @WayneFreedman are alright: https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   ABC7 News (@abc7newsbayarea) February 2, 2017,   My friend was giving an interview when some coward peppersprayed her #Berkeley pic. twitter.   —   janey (@janeygak) February 2, 2017,  A girl in a “Make America Great Again” hat was   by a protester while giving an interview outside of the venue for MILO’s canceled UC Berkeley event. A video of the incident was tweeted and subsequently went viral around social media. WASHINGTON (AP)  —   The U. S. Secret Service says a person is under arrest after climbing a fence and getting onto the south grounds of the White House. [advertisement As a response to Starbucks choosing to hire 10, 000 refugees to protest President Donald Trump’s temporary immigration ban, a veteran and now coffee shop owner has an even better idea.  Evan Hafer, an Army Special Forces veteran and CEO of Black Rifle Coffee Company, said on Tuesday’s “Fox  Friends” that he plans to hire 10, 000 veterans. “Our plan is to build 600 stores in the next six years. I’m going to try to push this forward with the community behind me,” Hafer stated. Black Rifle Coffee Company has a more than 50 percent veteran hiring rate in its two years of business. “Hiring vets is not PR for me,” added Hafer. “It’s who we are. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent During Saturday’s “AM Joy” on MSNBC, Newsweek Senior Writer Kurt Eichenwald said, “we’ve gone to a new world” where the president can violate the Constitution, in this case, the Emoluments Clause, and his own party refuses to do anything about it.  “Trump is in violation of the Emoluments Clause, as soon as those [Chinese Trump] trademarks are approved,” Eichenwald explained. “And so, we’ve gone into a new world in this country, where the president of the United States can violate the Constitution, and his own party stands there going, ‘Eh, who cares about the Constitution? ’” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent In an interview Tuesday on NBC Sports’ “The Dan Patrick Show,” New England Patriots running back James White revealed he did not know where the   touchdown ball went after he scored in overtime of Super Bowl LI.  “I actually don’t know what I did with [the   football],” White told host Dan Patrick. “I left it on the ground and started running. ” “I wasn’t thinking in that moment. I was too busy sprinting down the field,” he added. Patriots quarterback Tom Brady is also looking for his Super Bowl LI jersey after he said it was taken from his bag following Sunday’s game. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” while discussing President Donald Trump’s inaugural address calling for his policy to be informed by putting “America first,” Sen. Lindsey Graham, ( ) said, “I don’t know what America first means. ”  Graham said, “To the president, if America first is a throwback to the 20’sand 30’s isolationism when it was first used as a phrase, the world would deteriorate even quicker, if it is a new way of Ronald Reagan’s peace through strength I would like to work with him. I don’t know what America first means. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN An illegal immigrant recently arrested for drunk driving is facing deportation for the seventh time. [Obed Vasquez, 26, of Mexico, had been living in Mission, Texas, when he was pulled over in a vehicle and arrested by the Hidalgo Sheriff’s Office for possession of marijuana and drunk driving, according to CBS 4 News.  Vasquez pleaded guilty to the charges and has since been turned over to Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) where he is facing deportation on charges for illegally   the United States. In the criminal complaint, it was revealed that Vasquez was removed from the U. S. for the sixth time on June 28, 2016. Shortly after, Vasquez returned. “The defendant claims to have illegally   the United States on or about September 30, 2016 by wading the Rio Grande River at or near Hidalgo, Texas,” the complaint notes. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder. On Friday’s broadcast of “MSNBC Live,” MSNBC Political Analyst and former Obama Press Secretary Josh Earnest stated that he thinks President Obama is “genuinely concerned” about the fact that “There’s a sense of a lot of action and movement in Washington, DC, but not a lot of movement forward. ”  Earnest said of the former president, “I think that he’s genuinely concerned about  —   he’s somebody who was involved in public service because he wanted to see the country succeed, and he certainly viewed the White House and the federal government as an institution that could be used to advance the interest of the American public. There’s a sense of a lot of action and movement in Washington, DC, but not a lot of movement forward. And I think that’s a source of some concern, not just for the former president of the United States, but for Americans of both parties all across the country. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP)  —   The Netherlands’ main intelligence service says it is treating a small group of Dutch children in conflict zones in Iraq and Syria as “Jihadist travelers” since they may have received military training. [advertisement Sunday on CNN during the opening of a segment featuring Breitbart senior    Joel Pollak on “Reliable Sources,” the network misidentified former Breitbart News report Julia Hahn, who last week it was announced took a job at the Trump White House as a special assistant to the president.  Host Brian Stelter was pointing out that Breitbart News, which he said had been considered to be an outlet on the outside looking in, now had an insider’s perspective with the roles that Hahn, former Breitbart senior national security editor Sebastian Gorka and White House chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon have in the Trump administration. However, instead of using a photo of Hahn, CNN used the photo of another Julia Hahn who is a German television personality. The same mistake had been made by other outlets as well, including Salon. Follow Breitbart News on Twitter @BreitbartNews On Friday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Hardball,” host Chris Matthews stated that the Republicans’ White House ceremony after the passage of the AHCA was like North Korea “where you have to have the same expression for Kim   or else you get executed. ”  Matthews said, “I was thinking, when I watched those forced smiles yesterday at the White House, this is what it’s like in Pyongyang, in North Korea, where you have to have the same expression for Kim   or else you get executed. They didn’t look truly spontaneously happy, but fixed grins and smirks all around. ” Washington Post columnist Ruth Marcus responded, “Well, maybe like in North Korea, they were simply relieved to manage to be there, and not be hauled off in some way. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Rep. Steve King ( ) joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Wednesday to discuss Trump’s SCOTUS nominee, Neil Gorsuch, as well as the president’s recent executive orders. [King said Conservatives “should be very happy to the level of being excited about this,” referring to Gorsuch, adding, “I can’t see a downside on it. ”  “I am convinced,” he continued, “that we will have a justice on the Supreme Court that, number one, believes the Constitution means what it says and means what it was understood to mean at the time of its ratification, whether it’s the body of the Constitution, or the amendments that came later. ” King urged both Democrats and Republicans to support Gorsuch “as a judge who will interpret the Constitution. We want a judge to interpret the law and that’s all we want him to do. That is what he will do,” said King. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  The vast majority of residents living in California would like to see sanctuary cities barred, a state home to multiple jurisdictions which refuse to abide by federal immigration laws. [Roughly 74 percent of California residents want to see an end to sanctuary city policies, according to a poll by UC Berkeley.  The issue to end sanctuary cities in the state crosses racial and party lines, with 65 percent of Hispanics registering their agreement, while 70 percent of independents, 82 percent of Republicans, and 73 percent of Democrats feel the same. During President Donald Trump’s term, sanctuary cities could see a cut in federal funding and pushback from the Department of Justice under likely Attorney General Jeff Sessions. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder. On Monday’s broadcast of “Morning Joe” on MSNBC,   Mika Brzezinski stated that there aren’t any “real men” in the White House and suggested that because no one can get the president to stop tweeting, they should possibly bring in a woman.  Brzezinski said, “Think about it, there are no men in the White House, literally no real men, I’ve said it before. Nobody can get him to stop tweeting. Maybe bring in a woman. Maybe just one, who can get this guy to stop tweeting and shooting himself in the foot. ” (  Mediaite) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett A growing list of roughly 50 Democratic lawmakers say they will not attend   Donald Trump’s inauguration on Friday. [According to the Washington Post, at least 49 Democratic members of the U. S. House of Representatives are boycotting Trump’s inauguration “to protest what they described as his alarming and divisive policies, foreign interference in his election and his criticism of civil rights icon John Lewis, a congressman from Georgia. ”  Lewis told NBC News that he was not planning to attend Trump’s inauguration because he doesn’t see Trump’s election victory as legitimate due to attempted interference in the U. S. election by Russia. Trump’s spokesman Sean Spicer responded to the planned boycott during a call with reporters on Tuesday morning. “We’d love for every member of Congress to attend but if they don’t, we’ve got some great seats for others to partake in,” Spicer stated. “It’s a shame that these folks don’t want to be part of the peaceful transfer of power. ” Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” Sen. John McCain ( ) said he did not know when asked if he has “confidence” in President Donald Trump.  McCain said, “I do not know George. I do not know because has made so many comments that are contradictory. But I think the fact that he’s appointed and nominated these outstanding individuals is bound to be an encouraging sign. I trust them and believe in them and have worked with them over many years. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN LONDON (AP)  —   Britain has been targeted anew by what authorities are calling a terrorist incident. A look at other attacks on the country in recent years:[advertisement An argument between two drivers turned into an   brawl in the middle of a street in Glendale, Arizona, the Daily Mail reported.[  A driver passing by the bizarre scene caught the brawl on camera. The video shows five men standing between a grey car and a black SUV and screaming at one another. The situation escalated quickly when a man dressed in neon yellow sprinted toward another man and started a fistfight. The three men behind them started an   brawl and beat up on one another. The man dressed in neon yellow and a man dressed in black punched one another near the grey car while drivers passing by the brawl in the opposite direction honked their horns at the fighters. The fighting stopped when a man took a crowbar out of the trunk of his car and threatened the man in yellow. All five men went back into their respective vehicles and drove away. On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) said the   U. N. resolution that the Obama administration declined to veto could only be voted on and passed with “explicit United States coordination. ”[Cotton said, “Anyone with an ounce of common sense knows how the real world works and the United Nations Security Council works. Senegal and Malaysia, some of the countries that sponsored the resolution, don’t call the shots there. If Barack Obama and John Kerry and Samantha Power hadn’t been speaking for months about the prospect of this resolution and had not been creating a climate inside the security council to let it come forward without firmly saying we will veto any     resolution, no country would have brought that resolution forward. It only could have been brought forward and passed with explicit United States coordination with other members of the security council. ”  Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Saturday, MoveOn. org senior adviser and national spokesperson Karine   argued that President Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office have taken women’s rights backwards.    reasoned on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” that the healthcare bills proposed by the Trump administration take away “essential benefits for women. ” “[T]he last 100 days under the Trump administration has taken women’s rights backwards,”   told host Joy Reid. “You have the gag rule, defunding Planned Parenthood, you have Trumpcare 2. 0 and 1. 0 that actually took away essential benefits for women like maternity care, infant care. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent .@krauthammer on gruesome @kathygriffin photo: ”Political pornography from a   comedienne.”  GRAPHIC CONTENT: https:  .  pic. twitter.  On Tuesday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Special Report with Bret Baier,” columnist and Fox News Contributor Charles Krauthammer characterized comedian Kathy Griffin’s photo depicting her holding the severed head of President Trump as “political pornography from a   comedian trying to get attention, and she has succeeded. ”  Krauthammer added that he would leave the decision to let Griffin stay as one of the hosts of CNN’s New Year’s coverage up to “the mavens at CNN. ” He also stated that he could assure that he wouldn’t watch CNN on New Year’s either way. Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett .@marcorubio on the Russia probe: The best thing that could happen is a full and credible investigation #CNNSOTU https:  .  Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said he does not believe President Donald Trump would fire Special Counsel Robert Mueller who is leading the Russia investigation.  Rubio said, “Well, first of all, that’s not going to happen. I don’t believe it’s going to happen and here’s what I would say. The best thing that could happen for the president and the country is a full and credible investigation. I really truly believe that. If we want to put all this behind us, let’s find out what happened, let’s put it out there, and let’s not undermine the credibility of the investigation. So my view on it is that is the best thing that could happen for the president and for the country. And I believe ultimately that’s what will happen, irrespective of all the other stuff that’s going on out there. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN LONDON (AP)  —   A report based on a translated Islamic State group document says the extremists consider mainstream media to be an effective weapon for spreading its radical message. [advertisement WARNING: Adult language]  Friday on “CNN Tonight,” network host Fareed Zakaria said President Donald Trump has succeeded by “bullshitting. ” Zakaria said, “I think the president is somewhat indifferent to things that are true or false. He has spent his whole life bullshitting. He has succeeded by bullshitting. He has gotten the presidency by bullshitting. It’s very hard to tell somebody at that point that bullshit doesn’t work because look at results. Right?  But that’s what he does. He sees something he doesn’t particularly care if it’s true or not. Just puts it out there and then he puts something else out. Notice again at the press conference, when pushed on it, does take responsibility. ‘I wasn’t saying that just quoting somebody else.’ When you have the White House press secretary quote somebody to prove a point, you’re endorsing that view. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” while discussing the controversy over the inaugural crowd size, Trump administration chief of staff Reince Priebus said the press is trying to “delegitimize” President Donald Trump.  Priebus said,”There is an obsession by the media to delegitimize this president. And we’re not going to sit around and let it happen. We are going to fight back tooth and nail every day and twice on Sunday” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The White House announced Tuesday that President Donald Trump would personally attend a NATO summit in April. [Democrat critics and media pundits spent most of Tuesday lamenting Secretary of State Rex Tillerson reported plans to skip an April meeting with NATO leaders in Brussels, while planning a trip to Russian in the same month. Trump’s plans were announced Tuesday evening.  “The President looks forward to meeting with his NATO counterparts to reaffirm our strong commitment to NATO, and to discuss issues critical to the alliance, especially allied   and NATO’s role in the fight against terrorism,” read a statement from the White House. The president will attend a meeting with NATO leaders in May held in Brussels. Police arrested a Florida woman for prostitution after she allegedly offered an undercover officer oral sex in exchange for lunch at Taco Bell. [Jacksonville, Florida, police arrested    Buffy Suzanne Bryan for offering, committing or engaging in prostitution or assignation after offering an undercover officer oral sex in exchange for two soft shell tacos, according to JAX News 4.  Officials say Bryan has had at least nine other past arrests for solicitation. Bryan’s arrest was part of a sweep of five prostitution arrests. Four other women aged between 31 and 48 were arresting in the citywide sweep. All had three or more prostitution charges on their record. Two of the other women were also arrested for drug possession. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.   Jan 8 (Reuters)  —   Airbus said on Sunday Iran’s state airline IranAir had accepted its first new jet, marking a key step in opening up trade under a nuclear sanctions deal between Iran and major powers. [The Airbus A321 jetliner has been painted in IranAir livery and is expected to be delivered later this week.  “The technical acceptance has been done with formal delivery still to be done,” an Airbus spokesman said. Read more here. JTA reports:  After dozens of   artists signed a letter in February urging Radiohead to cancel their upcoming concert in Tel Aviv, some might have assumed that the band would not respond to the criticism. After all, the British band’s lead singer, Thom Yorke, rarely gives interviews, and the   conflict is a particularly fraught issue to comment upon. [But oh, has Yorke responded.  In an interview with Rolling Stone’s Andy Greene published on Friday, Yorke fired back at his critics for assuming that the members of Radiohead are uninformed on the   issue. He argued that the authors of the letter  —   which rehashes the principle ideas driving the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement against Israel, which aims to to exert economic and political pressure on Israel due to its policies toward Palestinians  —   waste their energy by throwing the word “apartheid” around. Read the full story. WATCH: Former DNI Clapper says there is no FISA court order for surveillance of Trump Tower  https:  .  Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” former Obama Director of National Intelligence James Clapper denied there had been a FISA court order allowing FBI surveillance of Trump Tower during last year’s presidential campaign.  Partial transcript as follows: TODD: If the FBI had a FISA court order for surveillance, would that be information that you would know or not know? CLAPPER: Yes. TODD: You would be told this? CLAPPER: I would know that, yes. TODD: If there was a FISA court order? CLAPPER: Something like this absolutely. TODD: And at this point, you can’t confirm or deny whether that exists? CLAPPER: I can deny it. TODD: There is no FISA court order? CLAPPER: Not to my knowledge. TODD: Of anything at Trump Tower? CLAPPER: No. TODD: Well, that’s an important revelation at this point. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” the mother of a police officer who was killed by a   illegal immigrant Mary Ann Mendoza reacted to Attorney General Jeff Sessions threats to cut grants for cities who don’t follow immigration law.  “This is why I support Trump,” she declared. “It’s almost like a war is being brought against Americans by these very elected officials. ” She continued, “These are illegal aliens who have invaded our country and illegal alien equals criminal. So don’t keep calling them immigrants and our immigrant communities because that isn’t what they are. ” She added, “We have to defund sanctuary cities. We have to secure our border. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Mexican human right groups and multiple news outlets have expressed their outrage after at least 100 cartel gunmen detained and robbed a team of journalists working in the   state of Guerrero. [More than 100 gunmen detained seven journalists who were covering various roadblocks and a failed military operation aimed at slowing down the raging cartel violence in that state, Mexico’s Proceso Magazine reported. The gunmen detained the reporters for 15 minutes, stole their cameras, computers and one vehicle and then released the journalists after issuing a series of death threats.  advertisement President Donald Trump has not even been in office a week and GQ Magazine “The Resistance” host Keith Olbermann is already calling for his resignation.  “It’s time for Donald Trump to resign as president,” Olbermann began. “Admittedly, it’s been an interesting couple of days. But for any patriotic American capable of adding two and two and not getting     million, this is enough. ” Olbermann said Trump does not have a “running war with the media” like he told CIA agents, but rather a “running war with reality. ” “His reality is what he says it is,” he added. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” former Secretary of State John Kerry said President Donald Trump’s executive order banning travel from some   countries “will be cannon fodder to the recruiters. ”  Kerry said, “A travel ban will be cannon fodder to the recruiters. It’s the worst thing we can do. But we do need to do —  we do extraordinary screening —  but a great deal more effort has to go into the building of community, the reaching out and working with these entities, with these sectors of society, so that there is not as significant a gap as there is in many parts of the world. ” (  Grabien) Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN Former Secretary of Labor under Barack Obama and newly elected chairman of the Democratic National Committee Tom Perez told people at a rally in New Jersey on Friday that Donald Trump didn’t win the 2016 presidential election.[  “January 20th was undeniably an important day in this country,” Perez said at a New Jersey Working Families Alliance rally. “But January 21st was far more important,” Perez said, referring to the Women’s March and other   protests that took place on that day. “They said, ‘Donald Trump, you don’t stand for our values.’ That’s what they said,” Perez said. “’Donald Trump, you didn’t win this election. ’” On Thursday’s broadcast of “The Laura Ingraham Show,” Senator Rand Paul ( ) said, “I think that Congress, and the people who appropriate the money, we should think about whether or not we should be sending money to universities that only have one set of speech. ”  When asked if he thought the “federal government, Donald Trump” could “impound” funds that would go a place like   Rand answered, “I think if it were a liberal president, and they were shutting down speech, they could probably do it. I don’t think that  —   I don’t think impounding funds is probably going to pass muster, but I think that Congress, and the people who appropriate the money, we should think about whether or not we should be sending money to universities that only have one set of speech. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett During a speech before the House of Representatives on Tuesday, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) stated that we can’t allow our democracy “to be subverted by the dark operations of a foreign regime. ”  Pelosi said, “[O]ur responsibility is also to secure our democracy. Our founders pledged their sacred honor to create a democracy, a government of the many, not a government of the money. Now our sacred trust is to keep that covenant. We cannot permit our democracy to be suborned by the checkbooks of the powerful, or to be subverted by the dark operations of a foreign regime. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett The Algemeiner reports: JNS. org  —    May 2017 set a monthly record for the number of tourists arriving in Israel. Since the start of 2017, tourism has infused $2. 18 billion into the Israeli economy, according to figures published Thursday by Israel’s Tourism Ministry. The month of May saw 347, 000 tourists enter Israel, an increase of 16. 7 percent from May 2016. [Tourism Minister Yariv Levin attributed the tourism boom to the Israeli government’s marketing efforts.  “It’s not a coincidence it’s a clear policy,” he said. “The positive trend that has continued for over six months is making a tremendous contribution to Israeli employment and the economy, and I’m convinced that if we work correctly, we’ll see this trend continue into the coming months. ” Read more here. During a Saturday discussion on MSNBC about President Donald Trump’s presidency, Michelle Bernard, the president and CEO of the Bernard Center for Women, said she “can’t help but think” slavery is on its way back.  “When you say 400 years, you know what that harkens back to is slavery coming back right around the corner,” Bernard said. “[T]he point is you can’t help but think it, and that’s what’s really sad. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” while discussing President Donald Trump’s tweets accusing former President Obama’s administration of wiretapping Trump Tower prior to the election, ABC News Chief Foreign Correspondent Terry Moran said the White House was “a laughingstock in the capitals of Europe.’  Partial transcript as follows: MORAN: But the polls in Germany, in Britain, are demonstrating  —   FAGEN: But they were  —   they were  —   (CROSSTALK) MORAN:  —   that that sentiment is flipped. And in fact the White House at this point is a laughingstock  —   MARTIN: That’s right. MORAN:  —   in the capitals of Europe. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Tuesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “New Day,” Senator Sheldon Whitehouse ( ) reacted to the FBI announcing it is investigating possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia by saying, “you have the equivalent of an election robbery, and it would be easy for them to say, ‘Hey, we’re on the case.’ Finally, he did so, which I think is the right thing to do. ”  Whitehouse said, “For as long as there have been bank robberies, the FBI has been showing up after the bank robbery, to say, ‘We’re on the case.’ And here, you have the equivalent of an election robbery, and it would be easy for them to say, ‘Hey, we’re on the case.’ Finally, he did so, which I think is the right thing to do. And now we’ll just go forward with our hearings, under Chairman [Senator Lindsey] Graham ( ) and we’ll continue to try to get to the bottom of what took place. ” (  Mediaite) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett BUDAPEST, Hungary (AP)  —   Hungary’s parliament decided on Monday to rush through a draft bill on higher education seen as targeting a university founded by billionaire philanthropist George Soros.    LONDON (AP)  —   Queen Elizabeth II is poised for another historic milestone, an unprecedented 65 years on the throne.  But Buckingham Palace says Britain’s   monarch plans to spend Monday’s ceremonies far from the spotlight in somber contemplation of her late father. Official commemorations of Elizabeth’s Sapphire Jubilee are expected to feature ceremonial cannon fusillades at a central London park and at the riverside Tower of London as well as a procession of military horses pulling World War   artillery pieces. But the    monarch is staying 110 miles (175 kilometers) to the north at her Sandringham House estate in Norfolk, where her father, George VI, died of lung cancer at age 56 on Feb. 6, 1952, after a   reign. Elizabeth surpassed Queen Victoria as Britain’s   monarch in 2015.   For every one law that Congress passed in 2016, the federal bureaucracy issued 18 new rules and regulations, according to the Competitive Enterprise Institute (CEI). [Federal agencies under the Obama administration issued 3, 853 rules and regulations in 2016, which is more than was issued in 2015, according to the 97, 110 page Federal Register.  Congress passed 211 laws in 2016. Clyde Wayne Crews of CEI, a   public policy organization in Washington, D. C. predicts that the incoming Congress will likely roll back many of those rules and regulations issued during President Obama’s final year in office. During Obama’s eight years in the White House, 2016 was the highest year in terms of the number of final rules issued. Previously, the highest years for federal rules being issued since 2000 had been 2003, 2004 and 2005 under President George W. Bush. The majority of voters want   Donald Trump’s presidency to be successful, according to the latest Rasmussen Reports survey.[  percent of all voters want Trump’s presidency to be successful, while 57 percent of Democrats want his presidency to be a success, according to Rasmussen Reports.  The results show that 91 percent of Republicans want Trump’s presidency to be a success. Although the majority of all voters want to see him be successful as president, only 39 percent of likely U. S. voters predict his presidency is “more likely to be a success. ” Thirty percent say he’s likely to be a failure. “Just over half of all voters now view Trump favorably,” Rasmussen Reports notes. The poll questioned 1, 000 likely voters across the country on Jan. 3 and Jan. 4. The results have a plus or minus three point margin of error. BRUSSELS (AP)  —   The European Union’s landmark migrant plan to share 160, 000 refugees in Italy and Greece among their EU partners is likely to result in less than 40, 000 people finding new homes by the September deadline. [EU Migration Commissioner Dimitris Avramopoulos said Tuesday that more than 18, 000 migrants have been relocated and that 12, 500 people in Greece and some 4, 000 in Italy are eligible to go.  He said those 16, 500 people can be relocated by September, but he noted that some countries haven’t relocated a single person, “in breach of their obligations. ” Avramopoulos told EU lawmakers that the plan, launched in September 2015, “is vital for the success of our (migrant) policy. ” Hungary and Poland voted against the plan, but were on the losing side and refuse to take part. Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,”  White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said North Korea was the biggest threat facing the United States.  Priebus said, “He’s been speaking to a lot to all of our partners in Southeast Asia. The issue on the table is North Korea. There is nothing right now facing this country and facing the region that is a bigger threat than what is happening in North Korea. And if we don’t have all of our folks together, whether they’re good folks, bad folks, people we wish would do better in their country, doesn’t matter, we have to be on the same page. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN In a BBC interview about South Korea, guest Robert Kelly, professor of political science at Pusan National University, was interrupted when one of his children casually walked into the room and started dancing. [Best TV interview on any subject, ever. pic. twitter.  The child walks closer to the camera, but Kelly tries to usher the child away from the interview.  An even younger child in a baby walker then breaks into the room, causing a ruckus. Then a woman sprints into the room to grab the children, but she causes even more chaos because one child begins to wail and the baby walker bangs on the door as she tries to pull them away. The woman finally gets the kids out of the room and away from the interview, and Kelly is able to finish the debate. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Rep. Louie Gohmert ( ) spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Tuesday regarding the latest on Ryancare. [Gohmert called the current bill “a formula for disaster,” insisting it’s likely the courts would end up having the final say in terms of preserving Obamacare due to the way the bill is written.  “I think the President’s being set up for failure,” added Gohmert, “and I know people are anxious just to get this bill passed. ” He continued, “We can’t just cave in and say, oh, it’s the best we can do. It’s not the best we can do. ” “We’re on the brink of disaster or fantastic accomplishment, one or the other. So, we’ll see how it plays out this week,” concluded Gohmert. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  CANBERRA, Australia (AP)  —   Uber says the   company has suspended a driver in Australia while police investigate allegations he told a passenger he led an organization related to the Islamic State movement and planned to blow up Parliament House. [The female passenger said Monday she caught an Uber from downtown Canberra early Sunday.  She said the driver said he planned to blow up a shopping mall as well as Parliament House and told her he was not taking her to her home but to a town south of Canberra. The woman said she told the driver to pull over at a gas station so she could use a toilet. She called police and two police cars soon arrived. The driver was not arrested. Police say they are continuing to investigate with security agencies. The latest addition to Donald Trump’s team of advisers,    Breitbart reporter Julia Hahn, may strike fear in the hearts of House Speaker Paul Ryan and his allies, according to a story by Robert Costa in the Washington Post.  Breitbart EIC Alex Marlow says, ”With Julia Hahn, the White House just gained a champion for Trump’s   base.”  —   Gabriel Sherman (@gabrielsherman) January 24, 2017,  Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Sen. John McCain ( ) said President Donald Trump has to provide evidence or retract his tweet last week claiming that former President Barack Obama wiretapped Trump Tower,  McCain said, “President Trump has to provide the American people, not just the intelligence community, but the American people, with evidence that his predecessor, former president of the Unites States was guilty of breaking the law. ” He added, “I have no reason to believe that the charge is true, but I also believe that the president of the Unites States could clear this up in a minute. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN During his rally in Melbourne, FL on Saturday, President Donald Trump invited a supporter past security onto the stage to give some brief remarks to the crowd.  The supporter said, “Mr. President, thank you, sir. We the people, our movement is the reason why our president of the United States is standing here in front of us today. When President Trump, during the election, promised all these things that he was going to do for us, I knew he was going to do this for us. ” After the supporter concluded, Trump remarked, “A star is born. ” Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Saturday, comedienne Lizz Winstead said on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” that she fears “being punished” with perhaps jail time for speaking out on any hypocrisy of Donald Trump during his time as president.  “[P]eople better be careful about what they say about the president,” Winstead said. “My fear is that we’re going to be punished for speaking out. I mean, my job is to hold the powerful accountable, and if that’s going to be threatened, I don’t care, throw me in jail for bringing up the hypocrisy of Trump, so be it  —   jail’s gonna be super fun. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Representative Sheila Jackson Lee ( ) argued that President Obama’s administration was “   …    in terms of the president,” on Friday’s “MSNBC Live. ”  “Remember eight years under President Obama? What a vigorous, investigatory spirit the Republicans had. There wasn’t one iota of the president’s administration  —     by the way, in terms of the president, that they did not investigate. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” host Chris Wallace questioned Sen. Chris Coons ( ) over comments he made during an MSNBC interview last Friday where he said that the intelligence community had transcripts of conversations between Russia and the Trump campaign.  After playing the video clip of Coons saying there are transcripts that provide”very critical insights” into whether Russia was “colluding with the Trump campaign,” Wallace asked, “Senator, we’re talking here about the President of the United States, isn’t there more than a whiff of McCarthyism for you as a U. S. Senator to say there are transcripts out there that provide insight into whether or not there was collusion, but you don’t know whether they exist?” After initially defending his comments as an attempt to encourage the Senate Intelligence Committee to be given access to the raw intelligence, Coons admitted there is no “hard evidence of collusion,” and apologized. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Dan Gainor, vice president of Business and Culture at the Media Research Center, told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Monday, “Obviously, all conservatives everywhere are pleased by Joy Villa with her dress, the  ‘Make America Great Again’ gown. ”[Gainor added, “I like it just because this is what it takes to be  . Andrew [Breitbart] was always talking about being   and how conservatives need to be  .   …     The idea that someone would go on the red carpet right in the deepest, darkest part of Hollywood at the Grammys and reveal   sentiment, you know, that takes courage. ”  “She’s already gotten threats on Twitter,” said Gainor. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  (AP)  —   The European Union says it expects to finish allocating this year all of the 3 billion euros ($3. 3 billion) it has pledged to Turkey to help the country accommodate the nearly 3 million Syrian refugees living there. [advertisement Friday before the inauguration, ESPN aired a piece promoting now President Donald Trump as the new “First Fan in Chief” who “could have more connections to sports than any other. ”  ESPN noted how Trump in 2004 told former “SportsCenter” host Dan Patrick he would run for president before being a principal owner of a professional sports team and how Trump combined his love of golf and real estate background to build golf courses. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent President Donald Trump joked that his senior advisor Jared Kushner had become “more famous than me,” hinting that the recent news about his connections to Russia had become a media obsession. [During a White House meeting with Republican House and Senate leaders, Trump thanked his senior aides Steve Bannon and Jared Kushner for helping push his agenda in Congress.  “Jared has actually become much more famous than me,” Trump joked, as Republican leadership laughed. “I’m a little upset at that. ” Trump also joked that his    was getting more famous than he was after winning the election. “Jared’s becoming more famous than me,” he said at a dinner reception at his Bedminster, New Jersey golf club. Trump used a version of this joke, after pointedly welcoming former FBI director James Comey before firing him. “He’s become more famous than me,” Trump joked on January 22, after welcoming Comey to the White House. Comey was fired in May. Bitcoin value took a dramatic dive Thursday with the cryptocurrency’s value falling by as much as 18% to $820 per coin, according to Business Insider. [Bitcoin made headlines earlier this week when the cryptocurrency value surpassed $1000, its highest valuation since 2013, but Bitcoin traders didn’t enjoy the sudden increase for too long as the price began to fall rapidly. By 8AM EST on Thursday a single coin was valued at $892.   Business Insider claims Bitcoin’s sudden rise in value can be attributed to China where the national currency, the Yuan, has steadily been declining, leading to renewed interest in Bitcoin. The Yuan, however, rose dramatically recently, leading to the devaluation of Bitcoin. Many were surprised by this sudden crash and panicked, leading to more coins being sold off.   Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart Tech covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com Sunday on Miami WBFS’s “Facing South Florida,” Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said any of the 16 Republicans who ran for president in 2016 would have nominated Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme court vacancy left by Antonin Scalia.  Rubio said, “Getting him on the court was a great thing for President Trump. In all fairness, for all the criticisms he gets Neil Gorsuch is a person that could have been nominated by any of the 16 other Republicans that ran and probably would have been. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN HELSINKI (AP)  —   Swedish police say at least 15 people have been injured when a fire broke out overnight at one of the country’s largest migrant centres outside of Vanersborg in southwestern Sweden. [Police spokesman Tommy Nyman says two people were taken to the hospital to be treated for injuries after jumping out of a   window to escape the blaze and 15 people in all were treated for smoke inhalation.  He said police received the alarm at 4:15 a. m. Sunday and all 158 people in the building were evacuated. Firefighters extinguished the flames. The cause of the fire was not immediately known. Nyman said police would open an investigation. Last year, there were 112 fires at Swedish asylum and reception centres, most of them arson. Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” when asked about President Donald Trump’s tweet calling the judge who temporarily halted his executive order restricting travel from seven   countries a “  judge,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) said he thought it was best to “not to single out judges. ”  McConnell said, “I think it is best not to single out judges. We all get disappointed from time to time. I think it is best to avoid criticizing them individually. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN WATCH: @SpeakerRyan says ”the big chunk of money” for the border wall is ”next fiscal year’s appropriations” https:  .  pic. twitter.  In an interview that aired on “CBS This Morning,” House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) told show   Norah O’Donnell the upcoming budget legislation required to prevent a government shutdown will include money to the Department of Homeland Security for border security, but it won’t be the main part of the funding for the President Donald Trump’s proposed border wall.  According to Ryan, that will come with next fiscal year’s appropriations bill. “The big chunk of money for the border wall really is next year’s fiscal appropriations,” Ryan said. “Because they literally can’t start construction even this quickly. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Tuesday on ABC’s “The View,” while discussing the climate change with Sen. Al Franken ( )   Joy Behar said President Donald Trump doesn’t care about his grandchildren.  Behar said, “President Trump has grandchildren also. It amazes me that he is not concerned about his grandchildren. What does that say about him?” (  Grabien) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Thursday, Senator Lindsey Graham ( ) said those calling for Attorney General Jeff Sessions to resign over allegations he met with Russian officials from a Washington Post story published late Wednesday night are “crazy. ”  Graham sad, “Jeff Sessions has done nothing wrong. ” (  Grabien) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN    Haiti (AP)  —   A bus plowed into people taking part in an early morning street festival in Haiti on Sunday, killing at least 34 people and injuring 17 others, rescue officials said. [The accident occurred at about 3 a. m. in the city of Gonaives when a passenger bus first hit two people at a bus stop and then continued into a crowd of people participating in a Rara festival, an Easter season Haitian musical celebration, said Josepth Faustin, civil defense coordinator for the Artibonito region.  Faustin said angry   then attacked the bus and tried to burn it before police rescued the passengers aboard. The bus driver fled and was being sought. He said the cause of the accident was unclear. The injured were being treated at a hospital in Gonaives, about 60 miles (100 kilometers) northwest of the capital. .@SenJohnMcCain says Syrian jets taking off from base less than 36 hours after the US missiles struck ”is not a good signal” pic. twitter.  Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” Sen. John McCain ( ) said while he supports President Donald Trump’s missile strikes on a Syrian airfield in response to a chemical attack, it was not enough because Syrian jets are taking off from the base less than 36 hours after the attack.  McCain said, “Now that they are flying again basically within 36 hours is not a good signal. ” He recommended “cratering the runways. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” conservative commentator Mark Steyn offered his views on how President Donald Trump should proceed with the Paris Accord on   climate change.    Brian Kilmeade asked why the issue of climate change had become a “religion” for the left, to which Steyn noted those on the left argue border enforcement is an impossibility, yet they believe they can control the heavens. “I think precisely because it is so meaningless,” Steyn replied as to why the left is so invested in the issue. “Because if you say to them, ‘Let’s enforce the border’  —   ‘What? Are you out of your mind? That’s just a natural phenomenon. We can’t enforce the border. People are going to be coming in anyway.’ But if you say to them, ‘We can control the very heavens,’ that, we can do. And it’s actually literally insane. The less it has to do with your life, the more the left is invested in it. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Sunday on CNN’s “Fareed Zakaria GPS,” Harvard law professor Laurence Tribe, who has called for President Donald Trump to be impeached, said unlike former President Bill Clinton lying about sexual misconduct, Trump perjuring himself about the investigation into Russia’s involvement in the 2016 presidential election would be “serious. ”  When asked about Trump potentially perjuring himself in light of Clinton being charged with perjury, Tribe said, “I think there’s serious potential. I must say, just being blunt about it, that perjury about a blowjob is not nearly as serious as perjury about the Russian attack on our democracy. Talk about the end not justifying the means. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN  On Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” New York Times White House Correspondent Glenn Thrush reported, “my inbox this morning’s been flooded by Democrats who are sort of saying Ossoff was a terrible candidate. ”  Thrush said, “[W]hat is interesting is my inbox this morning’s been flooded by Democrats who are sort of saying Ossoff was a terrible candidate. ” Thrush added, “[H]e was not electric. He was more static electric. But I think, in general, that is an issue. Look, the other thing is, look how deep the bench was down there. There were a lot of people who wanted that seat. I think the larger issue that we’re dealing with here right now, is the fact that the Democrats just don’t have a lot of candidates, not just in Georgia, but around the country in general. There’s not a lot of people to kind of catch this Trump wave. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett It’s a packed show on SiriusXM’s Breitbart News Sunday that’s sure to make you smarter as host and Breitbart News lead investigative reporter Lee Stranahan discusses the hottest topics in the news today and takes your calls. [Tonight’s topics include immigration, voter fraud, and President Donald Trump’s cabinet nominees. Plus, Lee exposes other shocking stories that the establishment media ignores.  Lee’s scheduled guests tonight include former McDonald’s USA CEO Ed Rensi, investigative journalist James O’Keefe, author David Horowitz, election law expert J. Christian Adams, ACLU attorney Stephen Pevar, and officials from the National Restaurant Association. Lee will also speak to two of the top experts from Breitbart News, Michael Patrick Leahy and Brandon Darby. Breitbart News Sunday airs from 7 PM to 10 PM EST on SiriusXM Satellite Radio’s PATRIOT 125 channel. Lee will take your calls at    or   . Over the course of last week’s   basketball tournament, ESPN analyst and NBA Hall of Fame member Bill Walton crushed the coal industry during live broadcasts.  While calling the games, Walton hammered fellow ESPN announcer Dave Pasch over his love of coal, even presenting a poster that read, “You can’t be serious! Live green or die! Sustainability! Don’t take away our children’s day! !” Walton also accused Pasch of not acknowledging science, saying, “You wanna just burn coal [and] live in the past. ” “I’m normally an optimistic person, and I think that everybody can be saved, but I don’t know. This is a guy who loves coal,” he said later on “Sportscenter” of Pasch. “I’m all about the future. ” (  WFB) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent A Nike logo brandished in MILO’s border wall construction video has led to a hasty disavowal by the company itself, after a Daily Beast reporter approached them for comment.[  The video, in which MILO sports a new red Nike tracksuit, prompted Daily Beast reporter Olivia Nuzzi to ask for comment from them. I asked Nike how they feel about Milo promoting that he’s wearing their clothes in this video. ”We’re not in support, no,” a spokesman said.  —   Olivia Nuzzi (@Olivianuzzi) January 29, 2017,  According to Nuzzi, Nike immediately distanced themselves, saying that they did not support MILO’s   video. The Nike spokesman told me Milo was not provided with any of the clothes from the company and they have no affiliation with him.  —   Olivia Nuzzi (@Olivianuzzi) January 29, 2017,  It seems MILO’s brand is too much for Nike to handle so much so they have to disavow him. Banned by Twitter, too dangerous for Nike. MILO https:  .   —   Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸 (@Cernovich) January 30, 2017,  From Reuters:  In a White House marked by infighting, top economic aide Gary Cohn, a Democrat and former Goldman Sachs banker, is muscling aside some of President Donald Trump’s   advisers to push more moderate,   economic policies. Cohn, 56, did not work on Republican Trump’s campaign and only got to know him after the November election, but he has emerged as one of the administration’s most powerful players in an ascent that rankles conservatives. Trump refers to his director of the National Economic Council (NEC) as “one of my geniuses,” according to one source close to Cohn. More than half a dozen sources on Wall Street and in the White House said Cohn has gained the upper hand over Trump’s chief strategist, Steve Bannon, the former head of the   website Breitbart News and a champion of protectionist trade opposed by moderate Republicans and many big companies. Read the rest of the story here.   Donald Trump may use his list of 21 judges for potential Supreme Court nominee picks as a guide for appellate judges as well, according to Trump’s spokesman Sean Spicer. [Asked by a reporter about who will be nominated to fill the late Justice Antonin Scalia’s seat on the Supreme Court, Spicer pointed to the list of judges produced by the Trump campaign during the election. Trump has vowed to take his Supreme Court nominee from the list.  “I would look to that list first for individuals, not just for the Supreme Court, but I think we’re going to have a lot of vacancies at the appellate level as well,” Spicer responded, noting, “That would be a good starting point. ” The   and his team have had people reach out to share additional names, Spicer added. According to the Washington Post, Trump will inherit 103 judicial vacancies. Spicer explained that there will be more focus on the Supreme Court nominee following Trump’s inauguration on Jan. 20. THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP)  —   Geert Wilders, the Dutch   lawmaker who is at the vanguard of a wave of European   populists aiming to take power at elections this year, is pushing ahead with his platform to “ ” the Netherlands, despite lawyers saying it could breach the Dutch constitution. [advertisement Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” discussing President Donald Trump executive order halting immigration from seven   countries into the United States, Sen. John McCain ( ) said the process was “confused” and could give ISIS “some more propaganda. ”  McCain said, “It is a confused process which the good news is it’s only got to do with a pause. The bad news is obviously this process and conclusions were not vetted. There are so many questions, for example it didn’t filter down to our customs people who can come in, who can’t. Is a green card holders as was originally interpreted, who is legally in this country, can that person be bard from coming into the country?” He added, ‘“I think the effect will probably in some areas give ISIS some more propaganda. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Saturday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) weighed in on President Donald Trump’s foreign policy decisions, saying it should “scare us all. ”  “We cannot afford to have this president making military decisions and getting in the position to declare war. That is the purview of Congress. We should be debating this issue,” Waters told host Joy Reid. “We absolutely should be concerned about this president because I believe that he’s making decisions that perhaps should scare us all,” she continued. “He feels as if he has the power to use this military in ways that should frighten all of us. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent President Donald Trump and first lady Melania attended the Inaugural Prayer Service at the Washington National Cathedral on Saturday morning with Vice President Mike Pence and his wife, Karen. [”The   Banner” plays at the national prayer service in Washington, D. C. https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   CBS News (@CBSNews) January 21, 2017,   Trump’s family was also in attendance at the prayer service. Several faiths offered prayers, including Christian, Hindu, Jewish, and Muslim prayers. The prayers asked for guidance and help for the new President of the United States: With President Trump in attendance, Dean of Washington National Cathedral prays for God to break down walls, take away arrogance pic. twitter.   —   CNN Religion (@CNNbelief) January 21, 2017,  After attending the service, Trump will head to the CIA “to thank the men and women of the intelligence community,” according to Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer. HENIN BEAUMONT, France (AP)  —   Topless demonstrators from the Femen activist group have caused a commotion as they staged a stunt against Marine Le Pen outside a polling station where the presidential candidate was heading to vote. [Around six topless Femen activists were detained Sunday morning after jumping out of an SUV limo wearing masks of Le Pen and United States President Donald Trump. Police and security forces quickly forced them into police vans, confiscating their signs. Le Pen voted at the station shortly after without further disruption. The election is taking place amid heightened security. The government has mobilized more than 50, 000 police and gendarmes to protect polling stations. Friday,   Donald Trump will be sworn in as President of the United States. Beginning at 9 a. m. ET, watch live coverage courtesy of the Right Side Broadcasting Network.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Ynetnews reports: Hundreds of Israelis have been stranded on the Jordanian side of the Yitzhak Rabin border terminal due to a local computer malfunction since the early hours of Thursday morning. Only after about five hours was the problem fixed, and the Israelis began to slowly make their way back to Israel. [The computer malfunction did not allow the date of departure and entry from Jordan at the terminal in Aqaba to be updated, thus preventing hundreds of Israelis from returning. “We went on vacation with the family three days ago to Petra, and everything was perfect until we reached the border crossing,” said Yossi Aharon of Gan Yavneh.  “They said they had a computer malfunction that would be solved within a few minutes, but it has already been more than five hours. People are desperate and just want to go home, families with children lying on the floor and dozens more people waiting in their cars in despair,” added Aharon. Read the full story here. Crowds gathered in London’s Trafalgar Square Thursday night to express solidarity with those killed and injured in Wednesday’s Westminster terror attack. [Londoners and tourists stood together in a candlelit vigil, listening to public figures including London Mayor Sadiq Khan and Home Secretary Amber Rudd pay tribute to the victims, especially slain police officer Keith Palmer.  “This a time to express our gratitude to the heroism of our police officers and emergency services who ran towards danger to help, and at the same time they encouraged others to run for safety,” Mr. Khan said. Meanwhile, Ms. Rudd paid tribute to “courageous and brave” PC Palmer, who was stabbed to death by attacker Khalid Masood. “I know that all officers of the Met are like that and in my experience, so are all policemen,” she said. “I want us to say thank you to them all for the great sacrifice and risks they take to keep us safe. ”   WATCH: White House spokeswoman @SarahHuckabee responds to question if Pres. Trump accepts Director Comey’s wiretapping denial. pic. twitter.  Monday on ABC’s “Good Morning America,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders told host George Stephanopoulos that she did not “think” President Donald Trump accepted FBI director James Comey’s reported denial that the Obama administration had not wiretapped Trump Tower in New York City during the campaign.  “You know, I don’t think he does, George,” she said. “I think he firmly believes that this is a storyline that has been reported pretty widely by quite a few outlets. The wiretapping has been discussed in The New York Times, BBC, Fox News and we believe that it should be looked at by the House Intelligence Committee. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor `Senior White House aides and press secretary Sean Spicer are searching for a new face at the White House podium, according to several reports. [Both reports signal that Spicer wants to move into a more senior communications role, shifting the daily banter with the press to a new face.  “We have sought input from many people as we look to expand our communications operation,” deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said in a statement to Bloomberg. “As he did in the beginning, Sean Spicer is managing both the communications and press office. ” Spicer and White House chief of staff Reince Priebus reached out to Laura Ingraham to discuss a possible position, according to Politico. Daily Mail editor David Martosko was not interviewed, according to Bloomberg.  Politico reports that Fox News host Kimberly Guilfoyle is no longer interested in the position and few serious prospects for the position have surfaced in the process. President Donald J. Trump released a video on Saturday of his first Weekly Presidential Address, in which the president detailed many of the actions he has taken as President of the United States in his first week. [“This administration has hit the ground running at a record pace, everybody is talking about it. We are doing it with speed and we are doing it with intelligence and we will never, ever stop fighting on behalf of the American people,” Trump said in the video after detailing many of the actions he has taken in just his first week.  “Since my election, many companies have announced they are no longer moving jobs out of our country but are instead keeping and creating jobs right here in America,” Trump said. “Every day, we are fulfilling the promise we made to the American people. ” Watch the full video below:  U. S. intelligence veteran Malcolm Nance called presidential adviser Stephen Miller a “baby Goebbels” during HBO’s Real Time with Bill Maher on Friday.[  After Nance and Maher mocked and criticized Miller on the show, Nance compared the adviser to Nazi Germany propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels. Nance also branded President Trump’s alleged ties with Russia as “the greatest scandal in presidential history,” during the show which also featured Breitbart senior editor MILO, before claiming President Trump “disparages” intelligence services on “day to day” basis. “They are now in an act of self defense for the nation,” declared Nance, seemingly encouraging action against the president. “They are loyal to the constitution, not the man. ” During one section of the show, Nance also attempted to associate MILO with Nazis and the   while in another he expressed distaste towards the Bush administration. Watch MILO’s    interview with Bill Maher below.    BERLIN (AP)  —   Germany’s media regulator has revised its code of conduct on reporting whether crime suspects belong to an ethnic or religious minority after complaints the previous guidance was unclear. [advertisement STOCKHOLM (AP)  —   The parents of an   old Swedish schoolgirl have told local media she was one of the four victims killed in Friday’s attack in Stockholm when a truck rammed into a crowd outside an upscale department store. [Sweden’s TV4 said Tuesday evening that the parents released a statement saying they want to thank “the Swedish people for all the warmth and love you have given us at a time of despair and pain. ” They requested “peace and quiet” to grieve the death of their daughter, Ebba Akerlund.  Other victims included a   old Belgian woman, a   old Swedish woman, and a    Briton whom the British government identified as Chris Bevington. A    Uzbek man has pleaded guilty to the crime and is being held by police. Pres. Trump says NATO took his suggestion to ”fight terrorism”: ”I said it was obsolete. It’s no longer obsolete.” https:  .  pic. twitter.  Wednesday at a joint press conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, President Donald Trump, who had previously called NATO “obsolete,” said the organization was “no longer obsolete. ”  Trump said, “The   and I had a productive discussion about what more NATO can do in the fight against terrorism. I complained about that a long time ago and they made a change. Now they do fight terrorism. I said it was obsolete. It’s no longer obsolete. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Thursday, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) told reporters that allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions met with Russian officials was “completely different” from former Attorney General Loretta Lynch’s secret meeting with Bill Clinton during the 2016 election.  “[T]here couldn’t be a starker difference,” Pelosi said. “Attorney General Lynch had a social encounter, serendipitous, some might say, that the former president of the United States came by to say hello and they discussed their grandchildren. ” “She did not have a major role in the Hillary Clinton campaign. This is a completely different thing. The reason we have been saying that the Attorney General Sessions should step aside and maybe should never have been confirmed is because he was a surrogate,” she continued. Pelosi later called the two situations “completely different, day and night. ” (  Daily Caller) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu signaled his support for President Donald Trump’s wall on the Southern border of the United States.  “President Trump is right. I built a wall along Israel’s southern border. It stopped all illegal immigration,” Netanyahu wrote on Twitter. “Great success. Great idea. ” Earlier this week, Trump used the Israeli wall as an example of why he wanted to build a similar wall for the US. “A wall protects. All you have to do is ask Israel,” Trump said during an interview with Sean Hannity this week. “They were having a total disaster coming across, and they had a wall. It’s 99. 9 percent stoppage. ” Trump signed an executive order on Wednesday, ordering the construction of the wall that he vowed to build during his presidential campaign. Witness Sen. @RandPaul: ”Nobody would have survived . .. it would have been a massacre” if not for the Capitol Police https:  .  On Wednesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “New Day,” Senator Rand Paul ( ) credited Capitol Police officers on the scene for preventing the shooting at a Congressional baseball practice from turning into a “massacre. ”  Rand said, “I can tell you, that I think with absolute certainty, nobody would have survived without the Capitol Hill Police. They saved everybody’s life. Incredibly brave and deserve everyone’s praise, because, with this guy, who knows what his  —   how heavily armed he was, but nobody else had a weapon. So, he was just killing everyone  —   he would have.   …     They deserve our gratitude for saving  —   it would have been a massacre without them. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett A billboard in Indianapolis, IN is stirring controversy among local Muslim groups, says a Fox 59 report.  The billboard, seen going southbound   near the Washington Street exit mocks the prophet Mohammed as “The Perfect Man. ” The billboard then lists six bullet points about Mohammed to describe him. The points include: “Married a  ” “Slave owner  dealer,” “rapist,” “Beheaded 600 Jews in one day,” “13 wives, 11 at one time” and “Tortured  killed unbelievers. ” “I was a little disappointed when I saw that,” Farial Khatri of the Islamic Society of North America told Fox 59. “We do support free speech, but we do realize this is also rooted in bigotry,” Kahtri added. According to Fox 59, the Muslim Alliance of Indiana plans to raise money to put up its own billboard close by to spread a message of peace and kindness. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo .@DonLemon: ”There’s no evidence that backs up the president’s original claim” that Pres. Obama wiretapped himhttps:  .  Monday on “CNN Tonight,” host Don Lemon explained the report that former National Security Advisor Susan Rice unmasked members of the Trump transition team as a “diversion. ”  “[L]et us be very clear about this,” Lemon stated. “There is no evidence whatsoever that the Trump team was spied on illegally. There is no evidence that backs up the president’s original claim. On this program tonight, we will not insult your intelligence by pretending otherwise, nor will we aid and abet the people who are trying to misinform you, the American people, by creating a diversion. ” Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Wednesday at the White House press briefing, New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski interrupted the White House press briefing given by press secretary Sean Spicer.  Gronkowski asked Spicer if he needed any help, to which Spicer replied, “I think I got this, but thank you. ” Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo President Donald Trump “strongly supports” the house Obamacare replacement effort spearheaded by Speaker Paul Ryan, according to a statement of administration policy sent to House Republicans. [“This bill begins to fulfill the President’s commitment to rescue Americans from the failures of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) and expand access to affordable, quality healthcare,” the statement from the executive office of the president read.  The statement adds that the bill is only part of the three step process to repeal and replace Obamacare. “If H. R. 1628 were presented to the President in its current form, his advisors would recommend that he sign the bill into law,” the statement read. Conservative opponents of the bill continue to voice discontent about the bill in it’s current form, as administration officials and members of House leadership work to corral enough Republican votes to pass the legislation. The House vote on the bill is scheduled for Thursday. UPDATE: Milo also talked with Maher and his panelists, comedian Larry Wilmore, former GOP Congressman Jack Kingston, and former intel analyst Malcolm Nance of NBC during the Overtime segment.  Breitbart News Editor Milo Yiannopoulos discussed political correctness, the riots over Milo’s planned speech at the University of California, Berkeley, comedy, religion, the controversy Leslie Jones and “Ghostbusters,” mean words on the Internet, the   furor over Milo’s rhetoric, and the modern American left with comedian and TV host Bill Maher during an interview on Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time with Bill Maher. ” Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo The Jerusalem Post reports: The father of the Israeli killed in the New Year’s Eve attack in Istanbul said on Sunday that he had tried to stop his    daughter from traveling to Turkey. [“I had a feeling,” Lian Nasser’s father, Zahar, said. “I told her not to go there, but  …     youthful stubbornness. I told her it wasn’t worth it with the current security situation. ”  “It’s very hard, I don’t understand what happened,” he told Channel 2. “It doesn’t make sense, just yesterday she contacted the family and told us about the trip and the fun she was having. ” Read more here. New York Times columnist Bret Stephens told graduating students at   College, an  ’s school in southern Virginia, to leave their safe spaces as part of his commencement address. [Bret Stephens, who recently faced a rough transition from his job at the Wall Street Journal to his new role at the New York Times. Many readers threatened to cancel their subscriptions over Stephen’s hiring, citing concerns over his beliefs on climate change.  Stephens gave the commencement address to the graduating seniors at   College on May 14. In the address, Stephens condemned “safe space” culture and encouraged graduates to push themselves out of their comfort zones. Sunday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” Rep. Ted Lieu ( ) said President Donald Trump’s tweet this morning calling former FBI Director James Comey “cowardly” could be “obstruction of justice. ”  I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very ’cowardly!’  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 11, 2017,  Lieu said, “If President Trump is trying to get James Comey to stop talking then yes, that could be obstruction of justice. Keep in mind these are not leaks. A private citizen can disclose unclassified conversations today, yesterday, tomorrow. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Breitbart Senior Editor MILO will appear on HBO’s Real Time with Bill Maher this Friday to discuss free speech on college campuses, in the wake of the violent riots that disrupted the final events of his “Dangerous Faggot Tour. ”[He will appear as the top of the show guest, which will mean a    interview with Maher.  During an episode on February 3 in the wake of the   riots at UC Berkeley, Maher joked that if MILO should come on the show, the producers would be “putting on extra security,” citing his suspension from Twitter as an example of “how bad he is. ” However, Maher added that he has been a “longtime critic of colleges shutting people up. Free speech should be something we own. ” MILO will be joined on the show by the actress and former Scientologist Leah Remini, former Republican congressman Jack Kingston, investigative journalist Jeremy Scahill and comedian Larry Wilmore. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com UPDATE: Brzezinski took to Twitter to clarify her remarks, saying, “Today I said it’s the media’s job to keep President Trump from making up his own facts, NOT that it’s our job to control what people think. ” She added, “Of course, that is obvious from the transcript but some people want to make up their own facts. SAD!”  On Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,”   Mika Brzezinski stated President Trump “could have undermined the messaging so much that he can actually control exactly what people think. And that is our job. ” Brzezinski said, “I think that the dangerous, you know, edges here are that he’s is trying to undermine the media, trying to make up his own facts. And it could be that, while unemployment and the economy worsens, he could have undermined the messaging so much that he can actually control exactly what people think. And that is our job. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Saturday, MSNBC “AM Joy” host Joy Reid played a clip of President Barack Obama’s national security adviser Susan Rice claiming she did not leak intelligence reports.  According to Reid, Rice was “trying to explain how government works” to those who do not know. “This is Susan Rice defending herself,” Reid said before the clip began. “She was on with our own Andrea Mitchell yesterday trying to explain how government works, for those that don’t know. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP)  —   A Trump administration spokesman says an individual was apprehended near the White House, a week after an intruder was caught on White House grounds. [advertisement Monday on ABC’s “The View,” while discussing former first lady Michelle Obama criticizing Trump administration’s cuts to her regulations on school lunch programs,   Joy Behar said “a lot” of President Donald Trump’s voters are “resentful of any poor child getting something for free. ”  Behar said “I just want to say, there is a certain segment of the society that’s resentful of any poor child getting something for free. Those people need to look in the mirror. There are certain people in this country. They know who they are. A lot of them voted for Trump. And there is resentment involved there. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Thursday in Washington D. C. TMZ caught up with former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and asked him about CNN reporter Jim Acosta repeatedly shouting questions at   Donald Trump during his Wednesday press conference.  Gingrich said, “The reporter was an idiot. Trump pointed out he was an idiot. Most people in the country thought he was an idiot. I thought from Trump’s standpoint it was fine. ” He added, “I’m hoping Spicer will simple ban Acosta for 60 days, like hockey were you bench somebody. Acosta needs to be benched for a couple of weeks. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN A    girl from Michigan has been charged with raping a    man at knifepoint. [Lestina Marie Smith of Saginaw Township was arraigned Tuesday morning on two felony counts of   criminal sexual conduct, M Live reported.  The charges come from an incident in Saginaw Township where Smith allegedly held the man at knifepoint and had oral and vaginal sex with him. The alleged victim has not been named, due to the sexual nature of the crime, and police have not released any additional details about the suspected assault. Smith was held without bond at the Saginaw County Jail and is scheduled to appear in court for a probable cause hearing on February 3. If convicted, the    could be sentenced to life in prison. Smith’s family has been active on social media, supporting the rape suspect through messages on her Facebook account, the Daily Mail reported. (Reuters)  —   A variety of online services from Microsoft Corp suffered outages for several hours on Tuesday across Western Europe and the Eastern United States, according to the company’s technical support sites. [Among the services affected were Microsoft’s email service Outlook. com, its Office 365 online software, Xbox Live gaming service and Skype, according to their official websites.  An Office 365 technical support site said the issue, which prevented some Outlook. com users from gaining access to their mailboxes, began around 1057 GMT on Tuesday. “We’re investigating an issue in which some users may be unable to access or use Outlook. com services or feature,” a notice on the Office 365 site said (here). Later, as the service returned, it said “Everything is up and running. ” Read the rest of the story at Reuters. “They Shall Not Pass” is the first expansion for EA and DICE’s World War I   shooter, Battlefield 1. [The expansion adds the French army to the game’s multiplayer, along with new maps, weapons, vehicles, and a brand new game mode, Frontlines.  “Experience a mix of Conquest and Rush as you fight for chained control points in a    frontline,” DICE explains about the new Frontlines mode. “Both teams fight for one flag at a time and when this objective is captured the action moves on to the next. Capture the enemy’s HQ control point and the game turns into a   section where telegraph posts need to be attacked or defended. ” They Shall Not Pass will be available to Battlefield 1 Premium Pass owners on March 14.     On Tuesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “The Lead,” anchor Jake Tapper stated that President Obama’s commutation of Chelsea Manning “contradicts the last eight years of policy in terms of leaking. ”  Tapper said, “President Obama has used the Espionage [Act] to go after leakers, more than every other president in history, combined. This has been a hallmark of his administration. It’s something that a lot of us in the media have objected to time and time again. And here he is, commuting the sentence of one of the most notorious leakers. You could argue that Chelsea Manning did it for a good reason, to expose war crimes, or whatever case you want to make. But, it certainly contradicts the last eight years of policy in terms of leaking. ” (  Mediaite) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett .@algore: Trump administration ”comes off as   and confused” about climate change https:  .  #ThisWeek pic. twitter.  Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” former Vice President Al Gore said the administration of President Donald Trump “comes off as   and confused about the climate crisis. ”  Gore said, “The administration comes off as   and confused about the climate crisis because the truth is still inconvenient for the large carbon polluters. And they don’t want to stop the polluting of the atmosphere. It interferes with their business plan. But we’re creating jobs in this country in the solar industry at a rate 17 times faster than other jobs. The number one   job is wind power technician. The renewable energy sector and the sustainability revolution are the brightest spot for economic growth and prosperity in this country. ”   Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN  Britain went to the polls Thursday to select a new government after Prime Minister Theresa May called a snap general election in April. [Polls closed at 10 pm Thursday evening, and seat results have confirmed what was suggested by the official exit poll that Theresa May’s snap election gambit has failed, wiping out her party’s majority and lead. Britain now faces a hung parliament and no clear answer for who will be the Prime Minister in a week’s time.   Sen. Warner on reports of Russian collusion: ”We have no smoking gun at this point, but there is a lot of smoke” https:  .  On this week’s broadcast of CNN’s “State of the Union. ” Vice Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee Sen. Mark Warner ( ) said the committee has not found a smoking gun in its investigating of Russia’s meddling in the United States presidential election and collusion with the campaign of President Donald Trump.  Warner said, “There is a lot of smoke. We have no smoking gun at this point, but there is a lot of smoke. ” Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN A dog heroically saved a family from a house fire Wednesday morning. [Jack, a    German   bill mix, licked his owners’ faces to warn them of danger as flames broke out in the back bedroom of a home in Philadelphia, CBS Philadelphia reported.  “As soon as I got to the scene they said, ‘[Jack] saved our lives, he woke us up,’” Jennifer Leary with Red Paw Relief, an organization that helps pets displaced by disasters, said. The family was able to make it to safety, thanks to Jack. Four adults and five children made it out of the home without a scratch, according to Leary. Jack and two cats were in the home at the time of the fire. One of the cats did not survive. Jack and the surviving cat remain in the care of Red Paw Relief. The cause of the fire is still under investigation. A woman in Ashland, Oregon, who allegedly assaulted a   activist by shoving a wet sanitary napkin into his mouth has been arrested. [Valerie Starushok, 21, approached the   activist on January 27, the day of the March for Life, in front of a Planned Parenthood facility and “struck him in the face with a wet sanitary napkin,” says an Ashland police report. Starushok also allegedly yelled profanities at the activist as the video shows:  Woman Arrested for Shoving Used Maxipad in   Parenthood Protester’s Mouth https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Free Beacon (@FreeBeacon) February 11, 2017,  “Eat this [expletive] pad, you c**k face!” Starushok allegedly shouted at the activist. The   activist is heard in the video saying he would have to call police. The activist said the woman caught him   and “shoved her bloody maxi pad into [his] mouth. ” NBC affiliate KOBi5 reports Starushok turned herself in to police and was lodged in the Jackson County jail on one count of harassment. Oliver Darcy reports in Business Insider that Dr. Sebastian Gorka, Breitbart Senior National Security Editor and author of the bestselling book Defeating Jihad: The Winnable War, is joining the Trump White House.  From Business Insider: Sebastian Gorka, the Breitbart national security editor and a Fox News contributor, is expected to join President Donald Trump’s White House, a source familiar with the matter told Business Insider. The source said that the position is likely in the National Security Council. A Fox News spokesperson said the network terminated Gorka’s contributor agreement when he informed executives of his new position. Read the rest here.  Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” when asked about a White House petition calling for President Donald Trump to release his tax returns, Trump aide Kellyanne Conway said Trump is “not going to release his tax returns. ”  Conway said, “He’s not going to release his tax returns. We litigated this all through the election. People didn’t care. They voted for him. Let me make this clear, most Americans are focused on what their tax returns will look like while President Trump is in office, not what his look like. You know full well that President Trump and his family are complying with all the ethical rules, everything they need to do to step away from his businesses. and be a   president. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN President Donald Trump’s new choice for the Department of Labor is former Justice Department official Alexander Acosta. [“I think he’s going to be a tremendous Secretary of Labor,” Trump said during his press conference at the White House on Thursday afternoon, announcing his decision.  Acosta, who has a Harvard law degree, is currently the dean of Florida International University College of Law and served on the National Labor Relations Board. He also clerked for Judge Samuel Alito on the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. President Barack Obama will reportedly have a big, beautiful wall around his new home in Washington DC. [According to spy photos from TMZ, workers are currently building a brick wall around the rental home where the Obamas plan to live after leaving the White House.  The home was sold in 2014 for $5, 295, 000 and has 9 beds and 8. 5 bathrooms. It has 8, 200 square feet and was built in 1928. The Obama family is expected to live in Washington D. C. while youngest daughter Sasha finishes school. On Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Senator Joe Manchin ( ) stated that what he heard from President Trump’s speech before Congress was, “This man has the ability to correct the unfair trade deals that we have. I truly believe that. He understands business. He can sit down and make a deal. ”  Manchin said, “[T]he things I heard last night was this: This man has the ability to correct the unfair trade deals that we have. I truly believe that. He understands business. He can sit down and make a deal. And I’ve been saying this all along  …    boy, I wish I was dealing with the united states government, what patsies they are.   …     They don’t know how to make a deal. He understands that. Can he right it? I think it’ll help an awful lot. So, some of the things that we heard last night, the family leave was great. I think he wants immigration. I think he wants a pathway forward. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett The Times of Israel reports: Egyptian President     on Sunday discussed   relations,   negotiations and his upcoming trip to the White House with World Jewish Congress President Ronald Lauder. [Sissi is slated to visit the White House to meet US President Donald Trump during the first week of April, and the peace process is expected to be one of the items on the agenda.  “The next stage requires strengthening  …     of   relations at all levels,” Sissi told Lauder, describing the current relations between Washington and Cairo as “close, extensive and of a strategic nature,” according to an Egyptian readout of the meeting published by the Turkish Anadolu agency. The meeting between Sissi and Lauder took place in the presidential palace in eastern Cairo, and was attended by the head of Egyptian intelligence, Khaled Fawzi. Read more here. On Tuesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “The Lead,” Senate Minority Leader Senator Chuck Schumer ( ) argued that the Obamacare exchanges are having problems “because of what the Trump administration and the Republicans are doing. ”  Schumer said, “Look, the reason that the exchanges are having trouble is because of what the Trump administration and the Republicans are doing. If they were today, to say, we’re not repealing, that’s caused a lot of consternation. Insurers like  —   they like certainty. They don’t plan for a year. They plan for several years. ” After anchor Jake Tapper pushed back that insurance companies were pulling out before Trump took office, Schumer replied, “Well, the fact of repeal has accelerated this. CBO, when they came out with their score said the markets were stabilized, but now, with what the president’s doing, and with what Republicans are doing, they’re getting destabilized again. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Sunday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” actor and director Rob Reiner called Donald Trump’s White House “a cancerous presidency that we cannot allow to spread. ”  Reiner said, “What’s interesting here is that we really have a test, and we are being tested as to whether or not our democracy is going to survive. We have somebody who’s mentally unstable, who is a pathological liar. There’s no getting around that, who’s running our country. ” “And if we can survive this, that will strengthen us in a strange way,” he added. “What you’re seeing all over the country with protests, I’ve been to many of them, is nothing like what I went through in the 60’s when I protested against the Vietnam War, this is everyone. It’s not just people worried about being killed in Vietnam, this is everyone. And so we’re looking at a cancerous presidency that we cannot allow to spread. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN From the Daily Mail:   Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” while discussing Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) performance at Saturday’s ABC News Republican presidential debate in which he repeated several times that President Barack Obama’s policies are no accident but instead he knows exactly what he is doing, MSNBC’s “Hardball” host Chris Matthews called it “strange” and said it was “not a human response. ”  Matthews said, “That was numerable times, it reminded me of the science fiction film ‘Blade Runner’ where someone in this case Chris Christie proved out there was a replica instead of not a human being. It was strange because he was reading these prerecorded statements which are like implanted memory tracks. They were not a human response. And I think he’s got no answer for it. And I think it was so strange I have no idea why he did it. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN This week on “Fox News Sunday,” Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said the only reason Iran captured 10 America sailors last week was because of President Barack Obama’s “weakness. ”  Cruz said, “Any nation that captured our military officers, captures our soldiers, should face serious repercussions. ” He added, “The only reason they were seized is because of the weakness of Barack Obama. The   foreign policy leading from behind, our enemies are laughing at us. Days after seizing our sailors and parading them on television to humiliate them —  look those images were propaganda from Khomeini. Within hours of that John Kerry and President Obama are profusely thanking Khomeini for letting our sailors go after they had wrongly captured them and tried humiliate them now they’re trying to send $150 billion to Khomeini? It is the direct result of the weakness of this presidency. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Thursday while campaigning for his wife Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton in Philadelphia, former president Bill Clinton had to repeatedly address protesters angry with the results of the crime and welfare bills passed during his presidency.  Clinton addressed the protesters saying, “Whoa, whoa, whoa. wait, wait. I want to be able to  —   come on. no. come on. wait, wait, wait. wait. You need to understand, this is what’s the matter. I don’t know how you would characterize the gang leaders who got    kids hopped up on crack and sent them out onto the street to murder other   children. Maybe you thought they were good citizens. She didn’t. She didn’t. You are defending the people who killed the lives, who say matter. Tell the truth. You are defending the people who caused young people to take guns. There was a    girl in Washington, D. C. How would you do it? Look at these other ones. Look at this. That’s not true. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN A crowd of Donald Trump supporters appeared outside Trump Tower in New York City Saturday afternoon. [The   demonstration in New York compliments another incident Saturday in Wisconsin, where House Speaker Paul Ryan was shouted down onstage by Trump supporters at his “Fall Fest” event with Scott Walker.  The     crowd of supporters attracted media attention as luminaries like Rudy Giuliani and Chris Christie and campaign operatives Don Trump Jr. and Kellyanne Conway filed inside the building. Giuliani reportedly shook his head no when asked by a reporter if Trump should drop out of the race. Scene outside of Trump Tower right now. Dozens of Trump supporters, some chanting: ”The media is corrupt.” pic. twitter.   —   MJ Lee (@mj_lee) October 8, 2016,  Trump supporters outside of Trump Tower now singing the national anthem.  —   MJ Lee (@mj_lee) October 8, 2016,  Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump requested a moment of silence at the top of his speech Monday afternoon at Saint Anselm College in New Hampshire for the lives lost during the terrorist attack in Orlando, Florida at the Pulse Nightclub. [“We express our deepest sympathies to the victims, the wounded, and their families,” Trump stated. “We mourn, as one people, for our nation’s loss  —   and pledge our support to any and all who need it. ”  “I would like to ask now that we all observe a moment of silence for the victims of the attack,” he requested. Neither President Obama nor presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton requested a moment of silence during their speeches on the terrorist attack. At a Politico event on Thursday, Attorney General Loretta Lynch addressed the possibility of President Barack Obama issuing a pardon for   DREAMers, illegal immigrants brought to the country as a minor, before he leaves office next month.  According to Lynch, no framework exists for such an “en masse” pardon. So the question before me is whether or not there can be pardons, a pardon of a group of people, the DREAMers. The young people who came here, are working here, are going to school here, are contributing to our society as every immigrant group has done since the beginning of this country. And as I said then the issue of pardoning someone is an individual decision that is made on a    basis. So, there is no framework or regulatory framework that allows for a pardon for a group en masse. (  RCP Video) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor From Mal Siret writing at the Independent:  Hillary Clinton could lose the race for Democratic nominee as the focus shifts to California, where an influx of voter registrations threatens to derail her lead over Bernie Sanders. Mr Sanders will be looking to the state to boost his campaign with news of a further 1. 5 million people registering to vote since January this year. The latest statistics from the Institute of California will be encouraging to Mr Sanders as a big win in the 7 June California primary, where the candidates are currently virtually deadlocked, could hand him hundreds more delegates. Mr Sanders currently has 1, 501 pledged delegates to Ms Clinton’s 1, 769. The influx of additional registrants  —   a 218 per cent increase compared with the same period in 2012  —   is likely to include large numbers of young voters and could make this scenario a reality. Read the rest of the story at the Independent. Leading investment bank Goldman Sachs has declared virtual reality and augmented reality technology as the future of the industry and the “next generation computing platform” in a video released by the company.[  The video features Goldman Sachs’ media and technology leader Heather Bellini stating the company’s prediction that the market will reach $80 billion by 2025. The Oculus Rift VR headset received nearly $2, 500, 000 in 2012 on their Kickstarter campaign leading the modern virtual reality revolution. Sony, Microsoft, Samsung, HTC, and Google have followed with their own devices since, even expanding into mobile phones, and new varieties are coming out by the week. Charlie Nash is a libertarian writer, memeologist, and child prodigy. When he is not writing, he can usually be found chilling at the Korova Milk Bar, mingling with the infamous. You can follow him on Twitter at @MrNashington. From Niall Stanage writing at The Hill:  One hundred days from now, either Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump will be elected president. In such a volatile political year, the outcome is anyone’s guess. Clinton and Trump are hampered by the worst favorability ratings for nominees in modern times, though both have committed, fervent supporters. The electoral map and the shifting demographics of the United States appear to favor Clinton, particularly because Trump is struggling mightily to attract support from minority voters. But a nation hungry for change could rally to Trump, the consummate outsider. A Pew Research Center poll last month found that 71 percent of adults are dissatisfied with the way things are going in the nation. Read the rest of the story at The Hill. For the third time in a week, Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz blocked the Senate on Monday from confirming State Department nominees,  in protest of the nuclear deal that the Obama administration struck with Iran in 2015. [On Monday night Sen. Amy Klobuchar ( ) tried to confirm Samuel Heins as the ambassador to Norway and Azita Raji as the ambassador to Sweden. Cruz, who is campaigning in New Hampshire, had Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) object on his behalf.  Klobuchar blasted Cruz and McConnell for blocking the nominees and said that she intends to come to the floor every day until she can get the nominees approved. Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” former House Speaker Newt Gingrich said   Donald Trump needs to have a “very, very aggressive” first year in office to be successful.  Gingrich said Trump should, “Swing for the fences. ” He added, “This is a city which if you don’t shove it as hard as you can while you have momentum, they will surround you. I mean, the swamp doesn’t want to be drained. And the swamp will just suck you in if you let it, so he needs to have a very, very aggressive first year. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The Times of Israel reports:  A soldier was lightly wounded Monday evening during a stabbing attack in the center of Tel Aviv. Security forces arrested a Palestinian teenager near the scene of the attack, after he fled and tried to hide in a residential building. Police said the stabber likely had nationalistic motives and they were therefore treating the incident as terrorism. The attacker was identified as a    resident of the West Bank. Eyewitnesses said the teen shouted “Allaha akbar”  —   the Arabic for “God is great”  —   during the incident. The attack was apparently carried out with a screwdriver, Channel 2 news reported. Read the full story.   From Andrea Mitchell writing at NBC News:  Donald Trump is expected to nominate Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson as his secretary of state, two sources close to the transition process told NBC News on Saturday. Tillerson, 64, became president of the   oil company in 2004 and has a close business relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin. He has spent his entire career at the company now known as Exxon Mobil.   …     Tillerson will be paired with former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton as his deputy secretary of state for    management of the department, one source added. Read the rest of the story at NBC News. President Barack Obama has commuted the sentences of 111 more drug offenders  —   16 of which had   crimes added to their sentences. [The White House announced another list of criminals who would receive reduced sentences or be set free before the end of the year this afternoon in a statement.  The president specifically commutes the sentences of   drug offenders, signaling his committment to reform sentencing laws for those crimes. Earlier this month, Obama commuted 214 sentences, making it the single largest number of commutations in a day by any president in history. The total number of drug offenders pardoned by the president now includes 673. According to White House aides, Obama will continue commuting the sentences of   drug offenders until he leaves office next January. During Friday’s broadcast of “CNN Tonight,” anchor Don Lemon stated that Vice   Mike Pence “has rallied and railed against” and “does not love” gay people.  Lemon said, “Mike Pence has rallied and railed against gay people, and tried to shoot down and block gay legislation. ” He added, “Mike Pence does not love gay people. His record shows that he does not love gay people. ” (  Mediaite) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett ATLANTA (AP)  —   The government urged health officials around the country Friday to get ready now in case there are outbreaks of the   Zika virus in the U. S. this summer. [advertisement On Friday’s broadcast of “CNN Newsroom,” CNN Global Affairs Correspondent Elise Labott and CNN Global Affairs Analyst Aaron David Miller characterized the US abstaining on a UN Security Council vote on the Israeli settlements as a “parting shot” by President Obama towards Israel and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.  Labott said, “[Y]ou can’t neglect that this is a parting shot by President Obama to Prime Minister Netanyahu, with whom he had a rocky relationship at best over the last eight years. ” Miller added that he agreed with Labott’s point and “It was a parting shot in defense of what the Obama administration and Secretary Kerry believe to be the waning hopes of a   solution. My concern however, is that this is going to produce the opposite impact of what the administration intended. Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett The Huffington Post reports on the continuing problems engulfing The Blaze founder Glenn Beck’s troubled media empire. [From The Huffington Post:  Glenn Beck’s website The Blaze is coming apart, suffering from a lack of editorial direction, staff attrition and internal discord, according to sources inside the news outlet. The site, which Beck launched in 2010 to serve as the conservative counterpart to The Huffington Post, has dropped from 25 employees on its editorial side to just six. A source inside The Blaze, who requested anonymity for fear of retribution, told HuffPost that the mood among the rapidly diminishing news team is somber. “The few people who are still left are looking for an exit because they know The Blaze is over,” the source said. “They haven’t told us straight up that they’re done with us, but all the signs point to it, and they’re not replacing people who are laid off or get out. ” Read the rest here.  On Friday’s “McLaughlin Group,” Chicago Tribune Editorial Board member Clarence Page argued that Black Lives Matter protesters chanted that they wanted dead cops because “They’re a hashtag movement, like the Tea Party. They don’t have a leadership. ”  After fellow panelist columnist Pat Buchanan brought up Black Lives Matter marchers chanting for dead cops, Page conceded that “some of them” had said that before stating, “That’s the problem. They’re a hashtag movement, like the Tea Party. They don’t have a leadership. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett This article was written by Daniel John Sobieski and was originally published by the American Thinker:  If President Obama thinks climate change is our greatest national security threat, he’d be wise to ponder the change in the global climate of a volley of Chinese   “ ” missiles destroying an American carrier battle group on its way to counter, say,  a Chinese invasion of Taiwan. This very real possibility was seen as the   equipped with a terminal guidance system that gives it the ability to hit moving targets, was shown off in a military parade last September.  As Investor’s Business Daily (IB) noted in January 2015: The   a     ballistic missile, is designed to target and track aircraft carrier groups with the help of satellites, unmanned aircraft and    radar. Launched into space, the     the atmosphere and maneuvers at 10 times the speed of sound toward its target. Read the rest of the article here. The   company Tic Tacs released a statement following the release of a tape of Donald Trump making lewd comments to Billy Bush in 2005. [“Tic Tac respects all women,” Tics Tacs declared on Twitter. “We find the recent statements and behavior completely inappropriate and unacceptable. ”  Trump referenced Tic Tacs in his comments to Bush, the nephew of former President George H. W. Bush, who is voting for Hillary Clinton. Jeb Bush condemned Trump’s remarks on Twitter. Trump apologized for his comments about pursuing women, and told Americans in a video statement on his Twitter page that he will see them in Sunday night’s debate, where he plans to talk about Bill and Hillary Clinton’s record with women. Actress Lindsay Lohan has demanded a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin and nearly a million dollars to appear on the popular Russian talk show Let Them Talk. [The Mean Girls actress’ lawyers sent a contract to the talk show’s network demanding a   fee of $860, 000, “full and effective security” and a “fully paid suite at the Ritz Carlton” hotel, according to a report from The Hollywood Reporter.  In response to Lohan’s demands, Let Them Talk host Andrei Malakhov said he hopes Lohan reconsiders and comes up with more reasonable ones. “I don’t know what she wanted to discuss with [Putin] probably Amur tigers or issues of people suffering from drug abuse,” Malakhov reportedly said. Malakhov speculates that Lohan’s demand to meet with Putin was a condition to appear on the show, although it did not appear in the written contract. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudson. MSNBC’s “Hardball” host Chris Matthews argued that RNC Chair Reince Priebus’ “number one goal is to keep blacks from voting” on Wednesday.  Matthews said, “[W]hen Reince Priebus  —   his number one goal is to keep blacks from voting. ” He added, “All we hear is voter suppression. That’s all we hear. ” Matthews then concluded the segment with, “Okay maybe not number one goal, but primary goal. ” (  NewsBusters) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett (AP) President Barack Obama is hitting the radio airwaves to encourage Americans to go to the polls to vote for Hillary Clinton. [advertisement Sunday at Miss Katie’s Diner in Milwaukee, WI, Republican presidential   Donald Trump said his opponent Gov. John Kasich ( ) “should not be allowed to run. ”  Trump said, “Kasich should be allowed to continue and the RNC shouldn’t allow him to continue. And Kasich has more of an impact on me than he does on Cruz in my opinion. ” He continued, “I mentioned it to the RNC. I said, ‘Why is a guy allowed to run?’ All he doing is he goes from place to place and loses and he keeps running.  Well why doesn’t Marco Rubio do that? Why doesn’t Jeb Bush do that? Why didn’t all of them do that after it was their time. Now if he wants to go and have his name put in nomination in the convention he can do that. He doesn’t have to run and take my votes because he is taking my votes. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN JERUSALEM (AFP)  —    A suspected Palestinian stabbed and moderately wounded an Israeli military officer in a West Bank settlement Sunday morning before being shot by forces at the scene, the army said. [“A terrorist carried out a stabbing attack in Efrat and wounded an officer,” the military’s Twitter account said. There was no immediate word on the condition of the perpetrator, who was being evacuated to hospital for treatment.  The Hadassah hospital in Jerusalem said the soldier was stabbed in his armpit. It was the fifth incident of Palestinians attacking Israeli security forces and civilians since Friday after a   lull in a nearly   wave of violence. Since October, 227 Palestinians, 34 Israelis, two Americans, one Jordanian, one Eritrean and a Sudanese have been killed in ongoing violence, according to an AFP count. Israeli forces say most of the Palestinians killed were carrying out knife, gun or   attacks. Others were shot dead during protests and clashes. From Jordan Fabian writing at The Hill:  President Obama on Thursday warned Democrats against adopting a “Tea Party mentality” that could lead to deep divisions within the party and harm its chances of winning national elections. Following the rise of the Tea Party and Donald Trump, Obama said infighting within the Republican Party is much worse than it is on the Democratic side. But he urged his party’s voters to be mindful of that danger in the midst of a heated primary battle between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. “The thing Democrats have to guard against is going in the direction that the Republicans are much further along on, and that is this sense ‘we are just going to get our way, and if we don’t, then we’ll cannibalize our own, kick them out and try again,’ ” he said at a   meeting with law students in Chicago. Read the rest of the story at The Hill. Wednesday in San Francisco, during his speech to the American Geophysical Union, Gov. Jerry Brown ( ) vowed to the crowd of climate scientists he will “fight”   Donald Trump’s administration on climate change policy.  Brown said “So we’ve got the scientists, we’ve got the lawyers and we’re ready to fight, we’re ready to defend. ” On climate measuring satellites he added, “If Trump turns off the satellites, California will launch its own damn satellite. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN More delightful    action: Democrats lose their cool while fighting over what made Hillary Clinton lose to Donald Trump. [From The Hill:  Almost a month after Hillary Clinton’s loss to Donald Trump, recriminations are still flying among liberals and Democrats. At least one prominent Clinton loyalist has turned his fire on Sen. Bernie Sanders ( .) arguing that the  ’s challenge wounded the former secretary of State ahead of her general election campaign. Sanders partisans, meanwhile, say that he would have been a better candidate than Clinton to win over an electorate hungry for change. Both sides express concern that   the primary battle could be a distraction, wasting energy that would be better spent resisting   Trump. But even if all sides agree in theory on the need to focus on Trump, not everyone is ready to leave the primary in the past. Read the rest of the story here. Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” author and radio host Michael Eric Dyson said presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is promoting a “white racist supremacist nationalism. ”  Dyson said, “Donald Trump’s nation  doesn’t represent all of us. When he keeps  —   he wants to ban Muslims. He wants to keep immigrants out. He wants to build a wall. And look, at his rallies, when black people are pushed around, he then says, I will pay for the legal fees of this. I’m telling you, Donald Trump amplifies the worst instincts. And his nationalism is really a white racist supremacist nationalism that reeks terror on the American Democratic experiment. ” He added, “He was slow to repudiate David Duke. He amplifies the worst tendencies of the American experiment. I think the American people will reject him. I believe, I’m betting on the American people to reject that kind of vicious, narrow nationalism and racism. ” Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta says he doesn’t have time to review which documents are real and which are fake in his  000 hacked emails WikiLeaks made public on Friday. [2.   …    I’m not happy about being hacked by the Russians in their quest to throw the election to Donald Trump.  —   John Podesta (@johnpodesta) October 7, 2016,   4.   …    But, for starters, Assange’s first claim that I   the Podesta Group is completely false.  —   John Podesta (@johnpodesta) October 7, 2016,  On Friday, WikiLeaks released 2, 050 of Podesta’s hacked emails and says it has more. RELEASE: the first 2050 of well over 50000 emails from Clinton Campaign Chairman John Podesta https:  .  #Podesta #imWithHer,  —   WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 7, 2016,  The Clinton campaign has not yet issued a statement responding to the leak.   Donald Trump is expected to deliver a Thanksgiving message on Wednesday. [Trump is spending Thanksgiving Day and the weekend at    while Vice   Mike Pence is spending Thanksgiving in Mississippi, where his son is stationed as a Marine.  According to the Trump transition team, Trump and Pence have held more than 60 meetings as they assemble the incoming administration. “We may have additional cabinet level announcements coming later today,” Trump’s spokesman Jason Miller told reporters on Wednesday morning. Trump announced early Wednesday morning that he plans to nominate South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley as the United States ambassador to the United Nations. It has also been reported that Trump is seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson for the head of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is poking fun at a photoshopped image that supposedly shows Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) shaking hands over a   deal with President Barack Obama. [The image appeared on a website supporting Sen. Ted Cruz’s ( ) campaign, and was criticized by Rubio supporters because of the photoshop manipulation.   But Trump used the fuss to take a whack at Cruz. “Marco Rubio looked like he was about four foot two [inches] tall,” Trump joked to his supporters at a campaign rally in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina on Friday. “This guy Ted Cruz is really a liar. ” Trump said both Cruz and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush are controlled by donors. “They have no control over Donald Trump,” he said of the donors. “I don’t want their money. I don’t need their money,” “I’m so anxious to negotiate,” he told his supporters saying he wants to get this election over with and get to work. Marco Rubio sets his sights on the NFL (via @NYPost https:  . )https:  .  According to a New York Post report, former GOP presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) could be interested in landing an executive role with the NFL’s Miami Dolphins.  Last month, Rubio announced he will not run again for his Florida U. S. Senate seat. However, a Dolphins insider downplayed the possibility in NY Post’s report, saying, “Nope, nothing to it. He is a huge fan, though. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Sen. Barbara Boxer ( ) says GOP frontrunner Donald Trump doesn’t deserve “even one woman’s vote” after he targeted rival Sen. Ted Cruz’s ( ) wife, Heidi. [.@RealDonaldTrump has once again insulted all women. He does not deserve even one woman’s vote.  —   Barbara Boxer (@BarbaraBoxer) March 24, 2016,   Boxer’s post on Twitter comes after Trump went after Cruz for a Super PAC ad shaming Melania Trump for a partially nude photo she took in 2000 for a G. Q. photo shoot. Trump threatened to “spill the beans” about Heidi. Boxer, who is retiring this year, supports Hillary Clinton for president. Sunday, CNN’s “Newsroom” highlighted a tweet from Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump sent out calling on his opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton to release her medical records.  I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 28, 2016,  However, the CNN version scrubbed the “Crooked” moniker from the tweet in it’s report, which was displayed on screen and read on air by anchor Jim Sciutto.  (  Truthfeed) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Police in Meriden, Connecticut arrested two men on Saturday, charging them with attacking a   man who was displaying a   Trump sign in public. [From WTNH. com:  At noon on Saturday, a Meriden Lieutenant was parked on Hanover Street where he saw a man standing on the traffic island at Hanover and Colony Streets waving a Donald Trump sign and an American flag. Police say a silver car stopped at the island, two men got out and began punching and kicking the man, knocking him into the street. The Lieutenant intervened and arrested the two men. The victim told police that the two men gave him the finger, he responded “same to you” and then the assault started. The two men were identified as    Wilson Echevarria and    Anthony Hobdy, both of Meriden. Police say Hobdy had 54 bags of heroin packaged for sale on him at the time of the arrest and was wanted on four separate warrants. Read the rest of the story and watch the video report here. American University Professor Allan Lichtman has accurately predicted every presidential election for 30 years. This year he predicts Donald Trump will win. [From the Washington Post:  Nobody knows for certain who will win on Nov. 8  —   but one man is pretty sure: Professor Allan Lichtman, who has correctly predicted every presidential election since 1984. When we sat down in May, he explained how he comes to a decision. Lichtman’s prediction isn’t based on   polls, shifting demographics or his own political opinions. Rather, he uses a system of   statements he calls the “Keys to the White House” to determine his predicted winner. And this year, he says, Donald Trump is the favorite to win. Read the rest of the article here. advertisement From the New York Post Editorial Board:  For a giant, flashing sign that the Clintons’   will never end, look no further than Bill’s 70th birthday party Friday night at the Rainbow Room  —   which of course is a Clinton Foundation fundraising bash. Yup, that’s right show ’em the money, money, money: Donors must give $250, 000 to be a “chair” of the party, six figures to be a   50 grand to be a vice chair. True, buying a ticket will get you some glam  —   Barbara Streisand, Jon Bon Jovi and Wynton Marsalis are all to perform. But how many others hope their gift will at least get them onto some future White House guest list, and possibly buy even larger favors? Read the rest of the story at the New York Post. The Times of Israel reports: Two Israeli students from the Bedouin village of Rahat in the Negev who had been studying in Armenia were kidnapped  —   and later released  —   by an unidentified group in Turkey, Israeli authorities said Saturday. [The kidnappers demanded that the students’ families pay a ransom, or else the two would be sold to the Islamic State group, according to Channel 10.  The students were released Saturday, and were at a police station in the southern Turkish city of Mersin on Saturday night, the Foreign Ministry said. The two had apparently been in Turkey in order to purchase gold. Read more here Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban was on Stephen Colbert’s “Late Show” Wednesday, and the “Shark Tank” star participated in a roast of GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump.  “Donald, I’ve got a travel tip for you. When you’re going through customs and they ask if you’ve got anything to declare, try not to blurt out ‘bankruptcy,’” Cuban joked. He added, “You’re shiny, orange and hollow inside. I’d say you’re a traffic cone, but I would swerve to avoid to a traffic cone. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway pledged the campaign will be doing minority outreach events in inner cities.  Conway said, “I pledge to you and everybody who is watching, Those events are actually being planned. And we are very excited about them. Look, John McCain and mitt Romney are fine  —   they’re wonderful human beings, great Americans. they were fine presidential nominees. John McCain got 4 percent of the   vote, and Mitt Romney improved that to a whopping 6 percent. We’re fighting for every single vote. We’re going to leave it all on the field. that includes going where the voters are and taking the case directly to them. ” (  WFB) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN WASHINGTON (AP)  —   State Department staffers wrestled for weeks in December 2010 over a serious technical problem with   Hillary Clinton’s home email server, causing them to temporarily disable security features that left the server more vulnerable to hackers, according to emails released Wednesday. [advertisement Donald Trump has added Mississippi to his growing list of primary wins, beating Texas Senator Ted Cruz to take the state. [Fox News called the state for the real estate mogul at around 8:30 PM.  Mississippi is a winner take all state only if the final vote count gives the winner 50 percent plus of the total vote. Otherwise the state will award its 40 delegates proportionately. On the eve of Tuesday’s primary contests, Trump was the delegate leader with 384 delegates, with Cruz closely behind at 300. Meanwhile Marco Rubio came in with a distant 151, while John Kasich came in with a low with 37 delegates. Of interest is that more than   of Mississippi’s electorate are   or evangelical Christians. The win for Trump comes as a surprise to many who imagined that Rubio or Cruz would be more likely to take the vote of religious Christians. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com Monday on MSNBC’s townhall with Chris Hayes, former Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said   Donald Trump won the presidency because voters are tired of politically correct rhetoric and perceived Trump as “speaking from his heart. ”  Sanders said, “I think he said he will not be politically correct. I think he said some outrageous and painful things but I think people are tired of the same old, same old political rhetoric and they believe that he was speaking from his heart and willing to take on everybody. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN WSAZ reports that a man in Barboursville, WV noticed he was being watched while in the bathroom at Huntington Mall Thursday.  According to Barboursville Police Chief Mike Coffey, an    male positioned his cellphone under the bathroom stall on three separate occasions to record video of the man as he was partially undressed. Police searched the suspect’s phone and found video of the victim, along with a video of another man using the bathroom in the mall earlier that day. The    admitted to recording the videos that were found on his phone. He is charged with two counts of criminal invasion of privacy. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Rebuilding America Now, a new Super PAC that backs presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, hired Alex Castellanos. He previously worked for Mitt Romney and was quietly supporting a Stop Trump effort last fall. [Castellanos is now helping guide Rebuild America Now along with its backer Tom Barrack,  who is a friend of Trump. The Trump campaign has not publicly blessed the super PAC.  “I’m worried that we don’t have four or eight more years to wait to change direction,” Castellanos stated, explaining why he decided to join the group after having opposed Trump, according to the New York Times. “This is not about whether the Republican wins or loses the White House. This is about whether we can afford to go in the same direction, and because I’m concerned if we go too much farther we won’t be able to turn back. ” The Super PAC aims to counter efforts by a Super PAC supporting Hillary Clinton, Priorities USA Action. With inboxes filled with countless emails sent by those waving their virtual hands in the air trying to capture your attention, we have redesigned the Breitbart News daily newsletter to give you, our readers, a dynamic and visual way to quickly identify the stories YOU care about.  Sign up below to receive the freshest and hottest Breitbart stories delivered to your inbox every morning. DIXVILLE, N. H. (AP)  —   Donald Trump is off to a very early lead in the 2016 presidential election, winning over the voters of three New Hampshire precincts by a   margin over Hillary Clinton. [Polls in the tiny New Hampshire towns of Dixville, Hart’s Location and Millsfield opened just after midnight Tuesday and closed as soon as everyone had voted. These   voters are proud to have the first word on the big vote.  Clinton won more votes in Dixville and Hart’s Location, but Trump was the overwhelming favorite in Millsfield, with a   edge. Libertarian Gary Johnson picked up three votes. Bernie Sanders, John Kasich and 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney got   votes. Under New Hampshire state law, communities with fewer than 100 voters can get permission to open their polls at midnight and close them as soon as all registered voters have cast their ballots. Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “Hannity,” in contentious interview with host Sean Hannity, former Mexican President Vicente Fox declared Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump  believed in “white supremacy. ”  At the end of a contentious interview an aggravated Fox said, “We were going to talk about Trump. He is a false profit. He is going to take this taking the nation to the desert. He doesn’t  understand about creating jobs. He only lies and lies and lies and uses whatever is covenant for him without any attention to facts. That’s why I say he’s an   only looking for himself, not for the rest. He believes in the white supremacy of the white. That is Hitler   …     I say wake up America form this Republican nightmare. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN A Florida deputy received an award Friday for being credited with saving the life of an unresponsive baby, WAFF reports.  When Shakira Nelson ran into the Tax Collector’s Office with her    son, C. J. last month, Deputy Steve Donaldson quickly rushed to help the mother who said the child had stopped breathing. Worried he would hurt the young boy, Donaldson knew he had to work carefully. After placing him on the floor, Donaldson performed infant CPR on C. J. and had the boy breathing on his own by the time Fire Rescue arrived. The deputy does not take credit for helping save the child’s life. “When I had [C. J.] in my arms, I said a little prayer and said, ‘God, give me strength to save this baby.’ And he did,” Donaldson said. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo In an excerpt of a “Meet the Press” interview that will air Sunday, Vice President Joe Biden said former president Bill Clinton has already “paid the price,”  for his sexual misconduct.  Biden said, “No it shouldn’t matter. Look, I can’t make any excuses for Bill Clinton’s conduct, and I wouldn’t attempt to make any excuses for the conduct. But he paid the price for it. He paid the price. He was impeached, and he was  —   he expressed his deep sorrow and acknowledged what he did. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Breitbart News’ Matthew Boyle, Jen Lawrence, Dustin Stockton and Lee Stranahan embedded with the protesters as they took Grand Central Station and the MetLife building in New York City on Thursday night. Here is a series of photographs of the protesters throughout the evening, taken by Stockton. More pictures and videos are coming. [advertisement CNN Commentator and   super PAC advisor Paul Begala quipped that a woman who kissed GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump at a caucus site “Could be a future trophy wife” during the network’s coverage of the Iowa caucuses on Monday.  Begala began by noting, “He ain’t pressing the flesh. Donald Trump is a noted germophobe. He can’t stand to shake hands, and yet he’s leading, as a politician, in Iowa. ” Host Anderson Cooper then said,”[S]omebody just kissed him. ” Begala then quipped, “Could be a future trophy wife. We don’t know. ” Begala added Trump is “very successful with the ladies. ” (  Talking Points Memo) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Wednesday at MSNBC’s prime time town hall with Donald Trump, Trump told hosts Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski that he is threatening to sue his opponent Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) in order to keep him “honest. ”  Trump said, “Well look I’ve had great success in business. I’ve had great success with lawsuits. I’ve had great success in things I do. I don’t know if we’re going to have a lawsuit but we certainly want to keep somebody honest. When he makes statements about  —   for example I’m   and he said he is not  . You can’t say that. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Secretary of Labor Tom Perez quipped about an Amber alert on his phone during a Clinton campaign stop in   North Carolina. [Perez was speaking to a crowd of volunteers in the Hillary campaign office.   NEW YORK (AP)  —   The Clinton Foundation will no longer accept foreign and corporate donations if Hillary Clinton is elected president. [advertisement The NAACP is suing in federal court to stop several county boards of election in North Carolina from removing people from voter rolls through challenges filed by individuals. [The lawsuit filed Monday is against the State Board of Elections and county boards in Moore and Beaufort counties, where thousands of voters’ names have been challenged, the Associated Press reports.  According to the National Voter Registration Act, boards of election are barred from clearing voter names from the voter rolls within 90 days of a federal election. However, state law does not have those restraints on individual challenges. The federal law has not been interpreted to ban individual challenges, according to the director of the State Board of Elections. The lawsuit is also looking to restore the names of voters previously struck from the rolls. Eduardo Porter of the New York Times writes that the United States saw a dramatic increase in its standard of living during the half century before the 1960s but hasn’t in the 50 years since. [advertisement Friday on “Ellen,” Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was ” literally” stalking her at last Sunday’s presidential debate.  Clinton said, “First, it was clear that my opponent, Donald Trump, was going to try to, you know, dominate the space, almost to the exclusion of the people who were sitting there. I mean, they were sitting there so that we could talk to them, and that they could ask questions we would then answer. And because of the revelations of the public video and everything that came out on ‘Access Hollywood,’ you know, he was  —   he was really all wrought up and you could just sense how much anger he had. And so he was really trying to dominate and then literally stalk me around the stage. And I would just feel this presence behind me, and I, you know, I thought, ‘Whoa, this is really weird.’ And so I was just trying to stay focused. ” (  Politico) Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein confirmed that he supports Hillary Clinton for president, despite his reluctance to endorse a candidate throughout the campaign. [“I’m supportive of Hillary Clinton,” Blankfein said, according to a CNN transcript published by Bloomberg. “Yes, so flat out, yes, I do. ”  Blankfein was careful to say he didn’t agree with all of Clinton’s polices or with her political record. Clinton was paid $675, 000 for three separate speeches to Goldman Sachs in 2013  —   a fact that her primary opponent Sen. Bernie Sanders said proved that she was too cozy with Wall Street. Sanders repeatedly called for her to release the transcripts of the speeches with Goldman Sachs, but the campaign refused. In October, however, the contents of the speeches were published by Wikileaks. Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said the meeting between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and President Bill Clinton was “terrible” and “horrible. ”[“It is an amazing thing,” Trump stated during an interview on The Mike Gallagher Show. “I’ve been talking about the rigged system, how it’s rigged,” he said, adding “this is terrible. ”  “It was really a sneak   …     it was really something that they didn’t want publicized, as I understand it, is that correct?” Trump added, “Wow. ” “I think it’s so terrible. I think it’s so horrible. I think it’s   …     one of the big stories of this week, of this month, of this year,” Trump suggested. Trump was commenting on a short meeting on a private plane between Lynch and Clinton earlier this week. Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” network commentator Cokie Roberts said when Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump attacks his opponent Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton as “unhinged,” it is code for “we shouldn’t elect a woman. ”  Roberts said, “About unhinged and she doesn’t look presidential, is totally code for we shouldn’t elect a woman. That is exactly what that is. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Tuesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Bloomberg Politics Managing Editor Mark Halperin joked that “Russian troops on the   border” “kept Hillary Clinton from going in. ”  Halperin said, “[T]here were Russian troops on the   border that kept Hillary Clinton from going in. So, that was one thing. ” He continued by criticizing the New York Times for the fact that their lead editorial isn’t about a new agenda to revitalize the Democratic Party, it’s one about ending the Electoral College. (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett WASHINGTON (AP) —  The Obama administration is officially ending a    era registration system for immigrant men from mostly Muslim countries. [The decision to scrap the National Security   Registration System comes amid growing international terror fears and   Donald Trump’s suggestions that he could ban Muslim immigrants from the United States.  Trump said Wednesday, “You know my plans. ” The NSEERS program was widely derided by civil libertarians as an effort to profile people based on race and religion. The administration hasn’t been using the program since 2011. On Friday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Washington Post Reporter Chris Cillizza argued “the greatest thing that happened to the Republican Party is Barack Obama. ”[After agreeing with host and former Republican Congressman Joe Scarborough that the Democrats don’t have a bench, Cillizza said, “I always say that the greatest thing that happened to the Republican Party is Barack Obama. Yes, he spent eight years in the White House, but during those eight years they have made massive gains. I wrote last year, if you look at the full party, and this was assuming Barack Obama in the White House and maybe Hillary Clinton in the White House, the Republican Party, much healthier overall than the Democratic Party. ”  He added that Hillary Clinton’s “emergence as the sort of de facto nominee” almost eight years ago glossed over the fact that “they don’t have a lot of people underneath it. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Prior to becoming Secretary of State, U. S. Senator Hillary Clinton promised to work to “restore transparency and oversight to the federal contracting process. ” However, upon taking office at the State Department, Clinton “failed miserably” to do just that, according to a new briefing out from the Republican National Committee that shows Clinton wasting billions in taxpayer funds. [Some of the highlights found in the report include:  $5. 4 million for a   contract for crystal stemware. $630, 000 to increase Facebook likes for the State Department. $79, 000 to get copies of President Obama’s book. Clinton’s State Department Waste and Mismanagement by GOP on Scribd,  HBO has released an extended trailer for Confirmation, which stars Kerry Washington as Anita Hill. [The film explores the 1991 confirmation hearings of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, in which Hill accused Thomas of sexual harassment while he was her boss at the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.  In addition to starring as Hill, Washington produced the film. Confirmation also stars Jennifer Hudson, Greg Kinnear, Jeffrey Wright, and Eric Stonestreet. Wendell Pierce stars as Clarence Thomas. Washington previously said she was “terrified” to play Hill because of the responsibility of playing a person who is alive. She added that the film is important because it comes as issues of sexual assault and race continue to dominate today’s news headlines. Confirmation will debut on April 16 on HBO. Wednesday on Capitol Hill, CNN correspondent Manu Raju caught up with Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) a former candidate for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination, and asked if he would be supporting his party’s presumptive nominee Donald Trump.  “As I said before, I am looking and listening and watching the candidates,” Cruz said. “I’m doing the same thing millions of voters are doing. And time will tell. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” while discussing Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein initiating recounts of the presidential vote in the swing states of Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton supporting the effort, the host of the liberal online program “The Young Turks” Cenk Uygur said the Trump team seems “jittery” about the recount.  Uygur said, “A recount is a perfectly normal part of the process. If you go outside of the process, I would be with you. We were on Trump for doing that. I totally agree it would be hypocritical. But if you’re within a percent and there are rules in every state on this, perfectly right to call for a recount. You know, i saw the interview earlier in the show. I don’t know why they’re so nervous. They’re just so jittery about it. No recount, no recount. Don’t do a recount. If you think you won, the recount will show the same thing. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Lindsey Graham says the Republican Party would do more damage to itself with a brokered convention denying Donald Trump the presidential nomination than by simply losing the general election. [advertisement From Linette Lopez writing at Business Insider:  The Federal Reserve closed 2015 by doing something it hadn’t done since 2006: It hiked interest rates, initiating a phase of tighter monetary policy. Since then, Wall Street analysts have been asking themselves when the next hike is coming and how many hikes there will be before the world gets back to a “normal” monetary policy (whatever that means). There are others in the market, however, who believe that something could stop the Federal Reserve’s tightening phase dead in its tracks. They believe that weakening credit in massive economies around the world will make it impossible for the Fed to continue to hike rates through 2016. Read the rest of the story at Business Insider. CNN anchor Anderson Cooper said that Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is “shifting her positions to get closer to [fellow candidate Senator] Bernie Sanders ( )” during CNN’s coverage of the Wisconsin primary on Tuesday.  Cooper asked, “Her shifting positions to get closer to Bernie Sanders, does that help her in a general election, assuming, if she is, in fact, the Democratic candidate?” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Retired Gen. David Petraeus said early Sunday that he did not cast a vote for or against   Donald Trump because he does not vote, the Hill reports. Trump is considering the former CIA director for secretary of state. [“I don’t vote, so that’s an easy answer,” Petraeus told ABC’s This Week. “And I also did not support him nor did I oppose him. Nor did I support or oppose any other candidate. I’ve truly tried to be apolitical, nonpolitical,” he said Sunday.  He also said on the program that the   was “quite pragmatic,” commenting on his meeting in New York City last week with Trump for a potential cabinet position. Trump is considering several other people for the State Department, including former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, and Sen. Bob Corker ( . ). Michael M. Grynbaum and John Herrman write a      frontpage story in today’s New York Times, entitled “Breitbart Rises From Outlier to Potent Voice in Campaign“: advertisement NEW YORK (AP)  —   Donald Trump, the Republicans’ presumptive presidential nominee, says he’s narrowed his list of potential running mates to “five or six people,” all with deep political resumes. [advertisement Twitter is planning to sublet a quarter of the space of its San Francisco headquarters. [The company have put around 184, 000 square feet of space on the market over two separate buildings, as advertised by Cresa, a commercial real estate firm.  Twitter spokeswoman Natalie Mikaye said in a statement, “We’re always looking at ways to use our office spaces more efficiently and effectively,” but that the company “remains committed to our home in San Francisco’s   area. ” The news comes after a series of difficulties for the company, including third quarter results that fell way below their expected revenue targets, as well as two high level executives leaving the company in the same week. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at ben@yiannopoulos. net Friday in a report from Fox News Channel’s Peter Doocy, Rep. Mike McCaul ( ) the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, explained that following a briefing on the shooting of a Philadelphia police officer by a suspect that had claimed to be acting at the behest of ISIS, it was his conclusion that individual was acting at the direction of ISIS.  “So once again we have a radicalized individual in the United States trying to kill law enforcement,” McCaul said. “And when you look at the Internet activity coming out of Raqqa, Syria, into the United States every day  —   200, 000 tweets per day  —   the message is clear: Kill military, attack military installations, and kill police officers. It’s in my judgment that this individual’s carrying out these directives  —   these orders, if you will  —   coming out of Raqqa, Syria, from ISIS. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor,     SUNNYVALE, Calif. (AP)  —   Yahoo is hoping to auction off most of its technology patents as part of a purge that also could culminate in the sale of its internet operations. [advertisement During Donald Trump’s visit to Flint, Michigan on Wednesday, the Republican nominee commented on how the automobile manufacturing industry has moved to Mexico  —   impacting trade  —   and how people in Flint can’t drink the water, much like the water in Mexico. [“It used to be cars were made in Flint, and you couldn’t drink the water in Mexico,” Trump stated. “Now, the cars are made in Mexico and you can’t drink the water in Flint. ”  “That’s not good,” he added, as people chuckled in response. Trump: ”Now the cars are made in Mexico, and you can’t drink the water in Flint” https:  .  https:  .   —   CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) September 14, 2016,  Trump visited Flint  —   a city that has had water trouble since the Spring of 2014  —   after the Flint River wasn’t treated with the proper chemicals, which caused lead to get into the drinking water, according to Detroit News. .@TuckerCarlson: The point isn’t just that the Clinton Foundation is corrupt   it’s a bad charity. It’s a scam. https:  .  On Wednesday’s “Fox  Friends,” network regular and Daily Caller editor Tucker Carlson weighed in on the Clinton Foundation’s tax returns showing the charity donated only $9 million of the $140 million in grants and pledges in the year 2013.  Carlson said the Clinton Foundation is not only corrupt, but is an “ineffective” and “bad charity” altogether. He said, “Out of $140 million, according to their tax returns, $9 million went to direct grants. So the point isn’t simply that it’s corrupt, it’s that it’s ineffective. It’s a bad charity. If you had a choice between giving to the Clinton Foundation or the tens of thousands of other charities around the world, why would you give to that one, which has a less reliable rate of helping people than almost any other I’ve ever heard of before. It’s a scam. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Tuesday on MSNBC’s “MTP Daily,” English business investor and founder of the Virgin Group, Richard Branson warned against proposals that would restrict free trade, such as the ones Republican presidential   Donald Trump has proposed, would make Americans “suffer. ”  Partial transcript as follows: CHUCK TODD, HOST OF MSNBC’S “MTP DAILY”: Let me shift gears here a little bit. And I’m just curious if your perspective as a global business leader. The impact of Donald Trump on the perception of America around the world. BRANSON: It hasn’t been good. He’s come out with a lot of comments which make, I think, most people in the world feel very uncomfortable about. For one thing, free trade, you know, free trade has worked for America. And if you’re going to put up walls around America and stop free trade, America will suffer. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN CHEROKEE, Iowa  —   Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) called President Barack Obama’s administration “the most   administration in the history of our country. ”[Cruz, who is currently on a   bus tour through Iowa, spoke to reporters about Obama’s announcement of new gun control executive actions.  “This has been the most   administration in the history of our country” Cruz said. “This has been an administration that has targeted law abiding citizens in particular, rather than targeting criminals, rather than targeting terrorists. ” “After seven years we’ve seen a pattern of repeated abuse of executive power from this president, repeated refusal to follow federal law or follow the constitution” Cruz said.   Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is ready to fight Joe Biden, after the Vice President said he’d like to take Trump “behind the gym. ”[“I’d love that. I’d love that. Mr. Tough Guy,” Trump said during a rally in Florida, after highlighting Biden’s comment.  “You know, he’s Mr. Tough Guy,” he said.  Trump continued, mocking Biden for merely talking tough. “You know when he’s Mr. Tough Guy? When he’s standing behind a microphone by himself,” he said. Trump appeared willing to take Biden up on his offer. ”Some things in life you could really love doing,” he said as the crowd cheered. From Howard Fineman writing at The Huffington Post:  Not since the fifth century has a Germanic leader arrived at the gates of a fearful imperial capital with an offer of peace and the threat of mayhem. Sixteen centuries ago it was a Visigoth named Alaric, who, backed by an army of Germanic tribes and former slaves, marched on Rome. He got the locals to hand over all of their wealth in tribute, then laid waste to the city anyway. This week it is Donald the Orange, descended from the German Drumpfs, who arrives in the imperium of Washington to get a better sense of how messy  —   even bloody  —   it will be for him to become emperor of the United States. The current occupant of that office, President Barack Obama, has vacated the city with his family for an annual educational trip abroad for his daughters, timed to spring break at their Washington private school, Sidwell Friends. And in comes Donald Trump. Read the rest at The Huffington Post. Donald Trump is putting out a call for election observers to prevent against voter fraud at the polls. [“Help Me Stop Crooked Hillary From Rigging This Election! ,” the campaign says in bold on the Election Observer volunteer signup page.  Trump has been concerned for a long time about the possibility that the vote count in various precincts could be unfairly manipulated on Election Day. Trump’s concern stems from Border Patrol’s assertion that illegal immigrants are gaining access to the United States purely to vote in November’s election, and in fact are being hurried up in order to collect more votes.  WASHINGTON (AP)  —   Bidding farewell to their longtime colleague, the eight remaining Supreme Court justices joined family members, former law clerks and members of the public Friday in paying their respects to Antonin Scalia in a   solemn day at the marble courthouse atop Capitol Hill. [advertisement Jason Horowitz writes in the New York Times: On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” the White House correspondent for the Associated Press Julie Pace said the campaign of Hillary Clinton “laughed at and ridiculed” former President Bill Clinton for wanting Hillary’s campaign to spend more time courting rural voters who are credited for being a large part of the decisive win for   Trump.  Pace said Bill Clinton was “laughed at and ridiculed by a lot of people in the Clinton campaign. ” She continued, “After the Wisconsin primary when Bill Clinton wanted Hillary to spend more time there they laughed at him. They laughed at him and basically said he’s going after the voters that supported him instead of the ones that she will need. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Edward Luce of The Financial Times says that bookies give Donald Trump “a one in four chance of becoming the next US president” but that number might be “too low. ”[From FT. com:  Better late than never. It took eight months for Republicans to wake up to the fact that Donald Trump could make off with the party’s crown. After Marco Rubio’s clinical attacks on Mr Trump last week, the airwaves are suddenly awash with   attack ads. But they are almost certainly too late to stop him. That task will fall to Hillary Clinton. It promises to be a spectacle unlike anything we have seen. America should brace for the strangest contest in its presidential history. McAllen, Texas  —   More than 200 illegal aliens have been stuffed in car trunks, sealed into tractor trailers by human smugglers, or placed in danger through other tactics this fiscal year as they attempt to get around inspection checkpoints. The period of time is from October 1, 2015 through today. [Since the start of the 2016 fiscal year (October 1) U. S. Border Patrol agents have rescued illegal aliens from dangerous smuggling attempts, information provided to Breitbart Texas by the agency revealed.   Once human smugglers get aliens over the Rio Grande, they tend to place them in stash houses until they are able to prepare their smuggling attempt in order to bypass the federal checkpoint located between 30 and 80 miles north of the river.  Ildefonso Ortiz is an award winning journalist with Breitbart Texas you can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook. National Director of Priests for Life Father Frank Pavone was on Breitbart News Daily with host Stephen K. Bannon to discuss today’s March for Life and defense of the unborn. [Noting that today’s March for Life event in Washington is made up of approximately 80 percent young people, said Pavone: “We have to understand that there’s a dynamic here, that they are standing up for themselves in the sense that they realize they’re survivors. When they were in the womb they were not protected and they realize that very deeply. ”  Pavone went on to point out that many of them had lost siblings to abortion. “Some of them will be holding signs  as part of our ‘Silent No more’ campaign, that say, ‘I mourn my aborted sibling’. ” The rest of the interview can be heard below.  The White House feigned ignorance about President Barack Obama’s speech “glitch” in Elkhart, Indiana last week when he was trying to attack Donald Trump but appeared to lose his train of thought.[  “I didn’t see any of those accounts,” Earnest said, in response to a question from Breitbart News about the exchange during the White House press briefing on Monday. The clip was highlighted by Breitbart News and covered on The Fox News program The Five. A Youtube clip of the report by Jim Hoft was featured directly on the Drudge Report. That video now has 2. 2 million views. Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by six points in New Jersey, according to a Stockton poll published Friday. [Ten percent of the likely voters said they would vote for “nobody,”   a candidate, or possibly vote for a   candidate.  The first presidential debate on Monday occurred during the polling period, but according to the results, Clinton led Trump by four points before the debate. Her lead increased to six points after Monday night’s debate. The poll questioned 638 likely voters in New Jersey from Sept. 22 to Sept. 29 and has a margin of error of plus or minus 3. 9 percent. “New Jersey is a blue state, so it’s not surprising Clinton is ahead,” said Hughes Center Executive Director Sharon Schulman, which conducted the poll. “But there are still 14 percent who are undecided or not choosing either Clinton or Trump at this point. ” Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by two points, 45 percent to 43 percent, in Sunday’s USC   Angeles Times “Daybreak” poll. [The New York real estate mogul has not led the former Secretary of State by two points since the beginning of August. Saturday was the first day the poll showed Trump pulling slightly ahead of Clinton since Aug. 3.  Sunday’s results come from 2, 385 voters, who are tracked daily through election day, Nov. 8. The USC   Angeles Times “Daybreak” poll tracks roughly 3, 000 voters each day, asking them who they plan to vote for in November. The data is averaged daily based on responses from the week prior, so results may lag somewhat following major campaign events. Fox News Channel welcomed in 2016 with GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump, who made quite a declaration to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton.  Trump told the “  New Year” hosts Kimberly Guilfoyle and Eric Bolling he thinks he will be Clinton’s “worst nightmare. ” “I think I’ll be her worst nightmare but we’ll find out,” Trump said. “Look, she won’t do the job. We’re going to do the job and we’ll do some really special things. We have to really work to make our country great again and we’re going to do that. We’re going to do that. We’re do it tirelessly and we’re have a lot of fun doing it and everybody will do it together. So I look forward to it. If it is Hillary Clinton in the race, I look forward to going against her. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent   Donald Trump’s daughter Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner, her husband, are reportedly   in Washington, D. C.[Both Ivanka and her husband are advisers on the  ’s transition team, along with Ivanka’s brothers Don. Jr. and Eric.  BBC notes that rumors of Kushner and Ivanka   in the nation’s capital is “leading some to speculate that she will continue to serve her father in a political role. ” However, CNN reports it may suggest Kushner could have an advisory role in Trump’s administration. Kate McKinnon brought her Hillary Clinton character back to “Saturday Night Live” this week.  In the skit, “Clinton,” through holding up cue cards, begged an elector as a last ditch effort to “vote for literally anyone else” besides   Donald Trump. After confusing the cue card scene from “Love Actually” with “The Help,” McKinnon’s Clinton offered to reimburse the $1, 000 fine the elector would face for not voting for Trump, reasoning that the   “will kill us all. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent MILO will speak at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge this evening. The event will feature special performances by Rockie Gold and Mike Dece. [This is the third speech in the second leg of MILO’s Dangerous Faggot Tour. Milo will be speaking about fat shaming, and why it’s great. He will also be wearing a very special outfit.  You can watch it live below, starting tomorrow at 8:00 PM Eastern Time (7PM CST).   Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani and GOP presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson are the two top picks for White House advisers to   Donald Trump, according to a     Consult poll. [The poll questioned 1, 786 registered voters on Nov. 9 and Nov. 10 about who would be their favorites for Trump to choose as White House advisers.    percent of voters say Giuliani, while 46 percent chose Carson. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie came in with 32 percent, while 23 percent chose Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus.   percent of voters said Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) would be their favorite for an adviser position. The results have a two point margin of error. A Maryland school bus driver played the role of hero Monday after her bus caught fire.  Video of the school bus on fire was captured on   footage by volunteer chief of Branchville Volunteer Fire Company in College Park, MD. The driver, identified as Reneita Smith, was safely able to get each and every student off of the bus and away from harm. “A big THANK YOU to our school bus driver Reneita Smith who just saved 20 elementary school kids from a bus fire that completely destroyed the bus,” Fazlul Kabir wrote on Facebook. “Reneita [not only] took each one of the 20 kids from the bus one by one, but also went into the empty bus again to check if everyone was out, while it was still burning. ” Kabir added, that Smith told him, “I am a mom of two kids. It’s my job to save them. ” The cause of the fire is currently under investigation. (  Fox 8) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo The Times of Israel reports: The   jihadist group has reportedly issued a directive urging its followers to carry out lone wolf attacks against Israeli athletes at the upcoming Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro. [According to exchanges on social media obtained by The Foreign Desk website, jihadis are urged to target individual competitors from the US, UK, France and Israel, using knives, poison,   drones and kidnappings.  “One small knife attack against   in these places will have bigger media effect than any other attacks anywhere else, God willing,” one message read. One post suggested pouring oil on roads near Olympic host venues in order to “see Israeli Jews flying with their vehicle by the will of Allah. ”   attackers were assured that obtaining a visa to Brazil is relatively easy, and that guns are widely available in Rio’s “  slums,” the report said. Read more here. On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,”   Donald Trump’s incoming chief of staff, Reince Priebus said the intelligence community has “been all over the map” about Russia’s hacking interference in the 2016 presidential election.  Priebus said Trump would accept a conclusion if there was a consensus report from the intelligence community and explained,  “I think that these guys should be straight with the American people and come out and say it. I don’t think they’ve been clear about it. I think it’s been all over the map. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Reuters  —   Britain will most likely leave the European Union having signed a bilateral trade agreement, according to a Reuters poll of economists on Tuesday that also suggested there remains little chance of the country slipping into recession. [Since the June 23 decision to leave the EU, Britain’s economy has performed much better than had been previously feared. The Bank of England is not expected to loosen monetary policy further in the foreseeable future.  Prime Minister Theresa May has said she intends to trigger Article 50, which begins the   countdown to Britain’s formal departure from the EU, by the end of March. But so far there have been few clues as to what direction the divorce proceedings will take. A bilateral agreement between the EU and Britain is the most likely outcome from the divorce, said most economists in the poll who answered an extra question ranking four possible outcomes in order of likelihood. Read more at Reuters Tuesday while on the campaign trail in New Hampshire, Republican presidential hopeful Se. Ted Cruz ( ) reacted to his rival Donald Trump repeating a   calling Cruz “a pussy. ”  Cruz said, “Oh listen, nothing Donald Trump says surprises anymore. You know, Donald does not handle losing very well. He didn’t like that he lost in Iowa. And his response often is to simply yell and insult and engage in profanity. My approach is to not respond in kind. From the beginning of the campaign when he and others have chosen to insult, chosen to go to the gutter, chosen to go to the mud —  I don’t respond in kind. I’m going to stay focused on the issues. I’m going to stay focused on the substance. Now part of the reason that Donald engages in insults is because he can’t discuss substance —  can’t defend his record. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Sunday, incoming White House chief of staff Reince Priebus indicated on New York AM 970 radio show “The Cats Roundtable” that the Secretary of State announcement should be made within the next two weeks.  “You know, I’m not sure. Soon,” Priebus told host John Catsimatidis. “Perhaps next week or the week after. We’re moving so fast that I don’t think anybody’s concerned as to the pace we’re moving. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent,   From Bill Gertz writing at The Washington Free Beacon:  China warned the United States on Wednesday not to adopt punitive currency policies that could disrupt U. S.  relations after Donald Trump’s win in the Nevada caucus. Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told reporters in Beijing that “we are following with interest the U. S. presidential election. ” Hua was asked about China’s response to a possible Trump presidency and his announced plan to punish China for currency manipulation with a tax on Chinese goods. “Since it belongs to the domestic affair of the U. S. I am not going to make comments on specific remarks by the relevant candidate,” she said. “But I want to stress that China and the U. S. as world’s largest developing and developed countries, shoulder major responsibilities in safeguarding world peace, stability and security and driving world development,” the spokeswoman added. Read the rest of the story at The Washington Free Beacon. The Jerusalem Post reports:  Two Israelis killed in a suicide bombing in Istanbul on Saturday were dual nationals, holding US citizenship as well, an Israeli official said on Saturday. Asked whether he could confirm the two victims, whose names have not been released, were dual   nationals, Israeli Foreign Ministry Spokesman Emmanuel Nahshon said “yes. ” Earlier, The Foreign Ministry released a statement saying two Israelis died in the attack, without providing further details. Washington said two Americans had been killed and a Turkish official said one victim was Iranian, suggesting that some of the dead may have had dual nationality. Read the full story. MONTERREY, Nuevo León  —   The plan of a Honduran family to obtain birthright citizenship in Texas was cut short by the early arrival of the infant in this border state. [Yoel Flores, his pregnant wife Ady Juliana Pinedo, and their two children had made the trek from Honduras to Mexico in an effort to reach the border city of Reynosa, Tamaulipas by bus. Once there, the husband planned on finding a particular human smuggler that would get the family into Texas, the man told law enforcement.  advertisement advertisement A city in Idaho is looking for vandals who destroyed a   bell used to honor veterans at a memorial. [The vandals destroyed the memorial based in Coeur d’Alene by rocking “Pappy’s Bell” back and forth until it detached from the holster and crashed to the ground, CNN reported.  “This is a horrible act and we’re very sad to see that this happened, particularly so close to Veterans Day, when our local vets will be in this plaza to recognize all of our troops,” the city said on its Facebook page. Damage to the bell, which was donated to Coeur d’Alene in the 1950s, is estimated at $15, 000 if it can be repaired, deputy city administrator Sam Taylor told KBOI. The city has released photos of the suspects and the damage on its Facebook page.   Donald Trump is tapping Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad as his Ambassador to China. [“This morning   Trump, nominee for Secretary of Treasury Steven Mnuchin and incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus all gave remarks to a transition fundraising breakfast here in New York City,” Trump’s spokesman Jason Miller tells reporters. “At this event, the   noted his selection of Terry Branstad, the long serving Republican Governor of Iowa, to serve as the Ambassador to China. ”  Branstad has accepted the position and an official statement is expected later on Wednesday. Miller added that Branstad is “someone who has a lot of experience and great grasp of trade issues, agriculture issues, has a tremendous understanding of China and Chinese people, [and] is someone who very much impressed the  . ” “It’s very clear that Gov. Branstad is someone who will represent our country well on the world stage,” he added. Monday, MSBC “Morning Joe”   Mika Brzezinski ripped Democrats for being upset with FBI Director James Comey for reopening the criminal investigation into Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, saying Democrats thought of Comey as a “great, credible man” a week ago.  “[E]veryone talks about what Comey did as being outrageous,” Brzezinski said. “This was a great, credible man with great integrity a week ago. So I don’t really get that. What if there is something big? We’re not going to say it was so outrageous. The bottom line is this all goes back to the server, something she shouldn’t have done, something that was way more than a mistake. Way more. ” (  WFB) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  A man allegedly attempted to burn down a Missouri gas station due to a confrontation with a gas station clerk who reprimanded him for stealing a bag of Flamin’ Hot Cheetos. [Police charged Joshua Lee Crook, 33, with felony   arson and misdemeanor charges of   assault, theft, and trespassing, the St. Louis   reported.  Police say Crook went into a gas station around 5 p. m. to steal a bag of Cheetos. The gas station clerk then confronted him and told him to put the bag down if he was not going to purchase it. He put the bag down, and walked out of the store. A minute later, Crook reportedly went back into the store to take the bag of Cheetos and was again confronted by the clerk. This time, police say he punched the clerk in the face, ran out the store, and poured gasoline on the ground. Authorities say he lit a cigarette and tried to start a fire with the spilled gasoline, but failed to do so. The store suffered no damage. Crook is in jail on $20, 000 bail, the   reported. On Thursday’s “Axe Files” podcast, White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough argued that President Obama is “our most Catholic of presidents. ”  McDonough said of Obama, “He talks a lot about dignity. He talks a lot about people being made in the image of God. He talks a lot about the need to treat each person with that respect that that demands. ” McDonough added, “I think this is the  —   our most Catholic of presidents. And I mean that by capital C Catholic, in what I see and what he does every day. It’s not to say that he’s  —   does everything entirely consistent with Catholic teaching. That’s not the idea. But I think, in fact his view of the person and his view of our role, and the view of us as adding to the common good, I think is an undeniably Catholic set of premises, and that’s why I say that to him a lot. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Michelle Fields says she has received a flood of threats after two major websites, BuzzFeed and Fox News, published her home address. [From The Blaze:    reporter Michelle Fields said Wednesday she had temporarily moved out of her D. C.  apartment over safety concerns after Fox News and BuzzFeed accidentally published her address online.   …     Fields told TheBlaze that she had been inundated with threatening messages on her phone after the two outlets posted the arrest report and failed to redact her personal information. Read the rest of the story here. The latest L. A. Times political tracking poll shows Donald Trump now leading Hillary Clinton in the presidential race by three points. [Trump now has 45. 3 percent support while Hillary Clinton has 42. 3 percent.   The polling result shows that Trump is inching ahead of the Democratic nominee, despite her lead in August after the political conventions. On August 14, Clinton was leading Trump by about five points, while Trump sank to 41. 6 percent support. The USC  . A. Times poll asks roughly 3000 American citizens each day about the presidential race in order to reflect the political pulse of the country. Paramount Pictures released the first teaser trailer for its upcoming World War II spy thriller Allied on Friday. [Brad Pitt is intelligence officer Max Vatan, who meets and falls for French resistance fighter Marianne Beausejour (Marion Cotillard) in 1942 Casablanca while working undercover to assassinate a German officer.  “Being good at this kind of work is not very beautiful,” Cotillard’s character tells Pitt’s Vatan. Allied is directed by Robert Zemeckis (Forrest Gump, Flight) and written by Steven Knight (Eastern Promises, Peaky Blinders). In addition to Pitt and Cotillard, the film also stars Lizzy Caplan, Jared Harris, Matthew Goode, Charlotte Hope and August Diehl. Allied is in theaters November 23.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum,   On Friday’s “McLaughlin Group,” the Daily Beast’s Eleanor Clift stated that   emails relating to the Clinton Foundation are only “ ” examples of political influence.  Clift said, “Equating what Donald Trump has done, in inciting potential violence in this country, talking casually Second Amendment people, accusing the president of being  —   and Hillary Clinton of being   of ISIS, what Clinton has  —   what the emails,  —   that is   political influence  —  . ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Colonel Allen West met with   Donald Trump’s foreign policy team on Monday, including Vice   Mike Pence, Mike Flynn and KT McFarland. [He may not be joining the upcoming administration, though.  After the meeting, West told reporters that he discussed national security issues with the   but said he was not offered a position. “I mean they know my reputation very well,” he said. “I’m just a simple soldier and I’m the third of four generations that served this country going back to my father in World War II, and we still have a relative of ours that is continuing to serve in the Army now. ” West, a Tea Party hero with a reputation for speaking his mind, won a United States Congressional seat in 2010. Redistricting made his district more competitive, and he was defeated by his Democrat challenger Patrick Murphy in 2012. From Cristina Marcos writing at The Hill:  Speaker Paul Ryan ( .) is emerging as Republicans’ biggest counterweight to Donald Trump. The contrast is stark between Ryan, the GOP’s   elected official, and Trump, the   for the party’s presidential nomination. The message Ryan promotes in regular media appearances stresses inclusiveness and optimism, under the banner of a “Confident America. ” Trump’s latest book, meanwhile, is titled “Crippled America. ” As the GOP primary contest rolls on, Ryan has been trying to use his clout to advance his preferred message. This month, the Speaker hosted a presidential candidate forum in South Carolina on reducing poverty, an issue he highlighted again with his choice of State of the Union guests. Read the rest of the story at The Hill. Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton professed her admiration for MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell, after the veteran reporter pleaded for an additional question after Clinton’s news conference conference at the airport had concluded. [“I love you, Andrea,” Clinton laughed as Mitchell aggressively jockeyed for another question. “You are indefatigable. You’re my kind of woman. I tell you what. ”   Clinton interrupted her staff who were trying to end the press conference. “Go ahead. I mean the sympathy vote, the whole thing. I love it,” she said grinning. LANGUAGE WARNING]  On Wednesday, Bill Simmons debuted his new HBO show “Any Given Wednesday. ” The former ESPN personality welcomed actor Ben Affleck, and the two discussed the New England Patriots and “ . ” Affleck called the investigation a “smear campaign” against Patriots quarterback Tom Brady since Brady did not cooperate by turning over his cell phone. “Maybe it’s that Tom Brady is so f —  ing classy and such a f —  ing gentleman that he doesn’t want people to know that he may have reflected on his real opinion of some of his  . ” “I talk to f —  ing football players, pro football players  —   across the board they think it’s ” Affleck later added. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Bernie Sanders slammed Hillary Clinton over her dropping poll numbers. [Sanders took aim at Clinton during the Sunday night Democratic debate in Charleston, South Carolina, hosted by the Congressional Black Caucus Institute.  “If you want to talk about polling  …    ” Sanders began, drawing a laugh from some of his supporters. Sanders noted that, when his campaign started, he was fifty points back, with only “three percent. ” Sanders said that now he is running neck and neck with Clinton in Iowa and New Hampshire and added, “We’re ahead in New Hampshire. ” Sanders said that he’s confident that he can win black voters better than Clinton. As Breitbart News has extensively reported, Sanders is surging in the polls in early caucus and primary states, largely on the backs of white voters, both   and   who are fleeing Clinton in favor of Sanders and Donald Trump. Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “Hannity,” former House Speaker Newt Gingrich formally endorsed presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, adding that he had not endorsed a candidate as of yet because of his relationships with other candidates in the field prior to now, including Gov. John Kasich ( )  “I endorse Donald Trump,” Gingrich said. “I want to work very hard for the Republican nominee. I didn’t get involved at that level prior because I had very good friends. John Kasich is a great, personal friend of mine. Ted Cruz ran a great campaign. And I tried to be an objective observer. ” Gingrich is reportedly under consideration to be Trump’s running mate, along with former Gov. Jan Brewer ( ) Gov. Mary Fallin ( ) Sen. Joni Ernst ( ) Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) and Gov. Chris Christie ( ). Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo The following video by Alex Jones of InfoWars. com was posted to the Drudge Report. On Thursday’s edition of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” NBC’s “Meet the Press” host Chuck Todd said that he doesn’t Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton could be confirmed to be attorney general because of her email conduct.  Todd stated, “If  —   because of this breach, for instance, she could  —   I don’t think she could get confirmed, for instance, to be attorney general. ” He added, “[T]he most logical explanation is she wanted to make it harder for the press and Congress to see her correspondence, so they made FOIA requests more difficult by doing what? Making sure it wasn’t on a government server, putting in a private server. And, at the  —   that’s the part of this  —   the idea of convenience, I’ve never been able to accept that, because what’s convenient about having a server in your house?” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett During the Sunday broadcast of New York AM 970 radio’s “The Cats Roundtable,” former New York City Democratic Mayoral Candidate Andrew Stein endorsed Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, reasoning he was going to “shake things up in Washington. ”  “I think the country’s in trouble. Our economic growth is too slow. Our military is being decimated by Obama’s cuts,” Stein told host John Catsimatidis. “Our support for Israel has not been strong. Donald Trump understands all of this. I think he’ll be a strong leader. He understands that America has to be great again. He’ll cut taxes like JFK and Reagan did and stimulate the economy. ” Stein later added, “He’s a real doer. Hillary exemplifies the status quo. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Saturday at the Massachusetts Democratic state’s party convention Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) said presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was a “proven failure” in business.  Warren said Trump university was “like a used car dealership —  except that’s unfair to used car dealerships. ” “Trump’s salespeople would focus on how much money people could come up with,” she continued. “And then they would push perceptive students to max out their credit cards so they could fork over thousands some times ten of thousand to Donald. His playbook said to look for people with problems. Why? Because they make good targets. ” Listing several of Trumps business ventures she added, Donald Trump is a proven businessman, a proven failure. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Twitter’s stock price fell again on Friday, closing at a price of $17. 94 per share.[ That’s a drop of $1. 06 and 5. 58% over the previous day. More worrying for the social media company is the continued downward trend for the business’s value, having dropped nearly 40% over the past three months.  As Breitbart Tech reported earlier in the week, Twitter has taken a public beating from the public and the media after unverifying Breitbart Tech   Milo Yiannopoulos’s account: The media response was unanimous and deafening: CNN Money said the manoeuvre hadbackfired horribly. Yiannopoulos has acquired over 20, 000 new followers since Twitter began to punish him for perceived infractions. Twitter continues to plunge in popularity while banning, suspending and unverifying usersapparently merely for expressing conservative views, a view echoed not just by   outlets but also by The Week. The Wall Street Journal reported yesterday on Twitter’s intransigence in explaining itself. Wednesday night on CNN’s live coverage of protests in Los Angeles, CA, a protester of   Donald Trump identified as Lily said “people have to die. ”  Lily said, “If we don’t fight, then who will fight for us? People had to die for your freedom where we’re at today. We can’t just do rallies, we have to fight back. There will be casualties on both sides. There will be because people have to die to make a change in this world. Trump, enough with your racism. Stop splitting families. Don’t split my family. ” (  WFB) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest mocked Donald Trump for his pronunciation of “Tanzania” as the New Yorker used a teleprompter to outline his foreign policy today. [During the speech, Trump criticized Obama’s foreign policy failures as president and vowed a new way forward.  The White House called a press briefing before Trump’s speech was over, prompting reporters to wonder if Earnest was intentionally interrupting the conclusion of Trump’s speech. “No, I didn’t start, either,” he replied. After reporters pointed out Trump’s unusual pronunciation of Tanzania, he joked. “Apparently the phonetics are not included on the teleprompter. ”  Tuesday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina took a jab at her opponent GOP   Donald Trump.  Fiorina was asked about Trump’s popularity and if he was “emblematic” of the anger in the country. Fiorina acknowledged the presence of anger, but dismissed Trump as a serious candidate. “[L]ook, I don’t exactly think Esquire is an authority, but there is no doubt  —   Donald Trump is an extremely divisive candidate,” Fiorina said. “That’s why he cannot win. That is why he cannot be our nominee. But honestly, Donald Trump reminds me of the Kim Kardashian of politics. They’re both famous for being famous and the media plays along. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) says that if the Republican establishment has a brokered convention to “steal the nomination from the people” it would “cause a revolt. ”[“If the Washington   try to steal the nomination from the people, I think it would be a disaster. It would cause a revolt,” Cruz told reporters in Orono, Maine, according to the Washington Times. Instead, the answer is real simple. We’ve got to win this nomination. I’m the only candidate who has the delegate count, who has the state wins, who is in a position to beat Donald Trump. And if you want to beat Donald Trump, the way to do it is to come together behind this campaign. Megastar singer and actress Jennifer Lopez will perform in Israel this summer, Ynet news reported. [ The    songstress will perform a single show in Tel Aviv, marking her first concert for Israeli fans.  J. Lo is joining other international pop stars set to perform in Israel this summer, including Elton John, SIA, Deep Purple, and Julio Iglesias. So far there have been no reports of pressure exerted on the star to cancel her trip. Musicians in support of the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions (BDS) movement, with Pink Floyd front man Roger Waters often at the helm, routinely try to prevent artists from performing in Israel. Lauryn Hill and Elvis Costello both caved in to the pressure, cancelling their gigs in Israel. Last week, British folk singer Donovan canceled a scheduled concert in Jaffa amid rumors of a boycott. Lopez is regarded as one of the U. S.’s most successful artists of Latin descent, selling nearly 60 million records. Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “America’s Newsroom,” Rep. Trey Gowdy ( ) said while Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has “tapped into a legitimate frustration and anger,” his opponent Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) is the GOP’s “best chance to win” in the general election.  When asked about Trump Gowdy said, “He has tapped into a legitimate frustration and anger that I feel in my own district. A lot of us share it. The question is, what do you do with the frustration and anger? What I want to do is win in November. I want to control the executive branch. I want to pick the next Supreme Court justices. I want a foreign policy actually is coherent. So I get the anger. I get frustration. I want to translate that into victory. So in other words, making a point is fine. And the point has been made. I am much more interested in making a difference. The way to make a difference is to win in November. and Marco is our best chance to win. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 12 points in the latest   poll. [The results show Clinton with 45 percent nationally, to Trump’s 33 percent.  The poll, which was published Tuesday, doesn’t take the change of leadership in Trump’s campaign and recent messaging and tone into consideration, or Clinton’s alleged    relationship with the Clinton Foundation while she was secretary of state, according to the Washington Examiner. The online poll conducted Aug.   questioned 1, 115 people and has a plus or minus 3 percent margin of error. Clinton holds a five point lead over Trump, according to the Real Clear Politics polling average. Political strategist Pat Caddell recently criticized the Reuters polls for being “cooked” to favor Clinton during an appearance on Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 with Breitbart    Alex Marlow. From the Washington Times:  When it was released in May, The New York Times called “Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich” by Peter Schweizer “the most anticipated and feared book of a presidential cycle. ” Here comes part two. Just in time to attract millennial voters, it’s “Clinton Cash: The Graphic Novel” from Regnery Publishing. Mr. Schweizer has teamed up with comic book writer Chuck Dixon and artist Brett R. Smith to adapt his investigative work into a   expose. His collaborators are DC Comics veterans, producing fare for such characters as Batman, Nightwing and The Punisher. The graphic version will be published Aug. 8 and is now ready for preorder. “It would be hilarious  —   if only it weren’t so horrifying,” the publisher notes. Read the rest of the story here. In what is sure to become one of the first in a long list of films portraying the life of the Obama’s, Southside With You tells the story set in the summer of 1989 of how    Harvard Law student Barack Obama asked Michelle Robinson out on their first date. [The film stars Tika Sumpter, Ride Along 2, as Michelle Robinson and Parker Sawyers, Zero Dark Thirty, as Barack Obama.  Written and directed by Richard Tanne, Southside With You is set to premiere at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival next month, in Park City, UT. Watch the scene in the video clip below.  Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson. On Tuesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “At This Hour,” Senator Chris Coons ( ) stated that he regretted Democratic rule changes regarding filibusters on nominees “because it would have been a terrific speed bump, potential emergency break, to have in our system to slow down the confirmation of extreme nominees. ”  Coons said that thanks to rule changes Democrats made, “The filibuster no longer acts as an emergency break on the nomination  —  . ” When asked if he regretted that rule change, Coons answered, “I do regret that. I frankly, think many of us will regret that in this Congress, because it would have been a terrific speed bump, potential emergency break, to have in our system to slow down the confirmation of extreme nominees. ” (  WFB) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett The Jerusalem Post reports:  British police detonated a suspicious vehicle parked outside the entrance to the Israeli Embassy in London on Wednesday, the Foreign Ministry said. According to initial investigations, police decided to blast open the car’s windows after the unidentified vehicle was found parked outside the mission without an identifiable driver. According to the report, nothing suspicious was found inside the vehicle. The Daily Mail has more: Hundreds of commuters were evacuated from Kensington Palace Gardens and High Street Kensington this evening after a ‘suspicious vehicle’ was discovered outside the embassy. There were reports of a loud explosion and people running as the incident unfolded. Following the controlled explosion it turned out the ‘suspicious package’ was in fact personal belongings left in the back of the silver Volkswagen Passat. CLEVELAND (AP)  —   Ben Roethlisberger threw three touchdown passes, Pittsburgh’s defense dominated and the Steelers slipped into the AFC playoffs with a   win over the Cleveland Browns, who are expected to fire coach Mike Pettine.  The Steelers ( ) had to win and needed Buffalo to knock off the New York Jets to make the postseason. Pittsburgh did its part despite a sloppy performance, and then earned a   berth when the Bills shocked the Jets   in Orchard Park, New York. Roethlisberger threw for 349 yards, 187 to the sensational Antonio Brown, who had 13 catches and a TD. The Browns ( ) ended another losing season in disarray and doubt. Owner Jimmy Haslam, who vowed in August that he wouldn’t “blow things up” will likely clean house, ousting Pettine and general manager Ray Farmer. Pettine went just   in two seasons, losing 18 of his final 21 games. ___, AP NFL website: www. pro32. ap. org and  Former New York Lt. Governor Betsy McCaughey warned against attending the 2016 Rio Olympics due to concerns about the Zika virus Sunday on New York AM 970 AM radio show “The Cats Roundtable. ”  “If you were going to design a method to take a very severe disease and spread it worldwide really quickly  …     you would hold an event at the epicenter of that disease, Brazil, and invite 500, 000 people to attend,” McCaughey told host John Catsimatidis. “I sympathize with the athletes who have trained and especially with the Brazilian economy, but the fact is this is going to spread this disease around the world. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Friday in Cedar Rapids, IA at the McGrath Amphitheatre Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will hold a rally at 8:00 p. m. ET.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo From Robert Costa and Philip Rucker writing at The Washington Post:  As the Republican presidential race heads toward a possible contested convention, the three remaining candidates have begun considering   picks  —   with a much different set of calculations from a normal political year. Separate but simultaneous vetting processes are underway. Advisers to Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and Ohio Gov. John Kasich said they are developing a list of prospects and researching their backgrounds. They are leaving open the possibility of announcing running mates as early as June, when primary voting concludes, or waiting until July at the Republican National Convention.   Donald Trump said he is giving the choice of a running mate serious thought, but his campaign is holding off on vetting candidates until the nomination battle is over. “I would not choose a vice president unless I know I have won,” Trump said in a recent interview. Read the rest of the story at The Washington Post. Friday in New Jersey while campaign for his wife Democratic   Hillary Clinton, former President Bill Clinton told a heckler upset about the 1994 crime bill, “You don’t have anybody you can vote for who didn’t have anything to do with this,” because at the time Hillary’s opponent Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) voted for the bill.  Clinton said, “May I answer? The crime bill, 1994, which you must be talking about, also contained a provision which no one ever mentions, which forbade   drug offenders from being covered by the excessive sentencing laws. Did you know that? I bet you didn’t. ” He added, “You don’t have anybody you can vote for who didn’t have anything to do with this. Listen you can write your own name in. ” Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Wednesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “Inside Politics,” anchor John King said that “one of the many lessons” from the 2016 election is that “this town is clearly out of touch, and that includes the media, and the political establishment, out of touch with America. Washington is not America. ”  Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Tuesday on MSNBC’s special New Hampshire primary coverage, a passing motorist stopped to tell Republican presidential candidate Gov. John Kasich ( ) if she wasn’t a Hillary Clinton supporter she would vote for him instead of the “yahoo” currently in the lead.  The female Hillary supporter said, “I just want to say, if I weren’t registered Democratic, I would be voting for you. ” Kasich asked, “Can’t you switch and give me some help?” The woman explained,  “If you’re registered undeclared, you can pick either side, but if you’re registered one party or the other —  so I had to give my support to Hillary, because she’s who I want, ultimately. But I would rather have you running against her than the yahoo that is in the front. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On this weekend’s broadcast of “CBS Sunday Morning,” Fox News Channel host Bill O’Reilly discussed his “Killing” series of books and what he attributed to their success. But as CBS’s Mo Rocca pointed out, they haven’t been without controversy.  Rocca referred to one encounter O’Reilly had with Washington Post columnist George Will, a fellow Fox News contributor, last November about his “Killing Reagan” book. According to O’Reilly, he “destroyed” Will in that exchange. Partial transcript as follows: ROCCA: The way you called George Will a hack like he was h —   . That “h”  —   I mean, you really dug in on it. How did you feel about that confrontation? O’REILLY: It was an honest confrontation   …     He didn’t have anything. He had nothing. I destroyed him. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Hillary Clinton campaign surrogate Ed Rendell said that Donald Trump will be hurt by the fact that there are more “ugly” women in America than “attractive women. ”[Rendell, the former Pennsylvania governor, told the Washington Post that Trump’s comments on the fairer sex will hurt him among ugly women.  “Will he have some appeal to   Dems in Levittown or Bristol? Sure,” Rendell said. “For every one he’ll lose 1½  two Republican women. Trump’s comments like ‘You can’t be a 10 if you’re ’ that’ll come back to haunt him. There are probably more ugly women in America than attractive women. People take that stuff personally. ” Trump owned the Miss USA and Miss Universe beauty pageants from 1996 to 2015. Marketing executive Paul Jankowski weighs in on Breitbart News’ #DumpKelloggs campaign, writing that corporations should be wary of offending a group of consumers he calls the “New Heartland. ” “Bottom line,” Jankowski says, “brands that make these knee jerk decisions will feel the pain measured in perception and sales. ”[advertisement On Tuesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Hardball,” former Representative Barney Frank ( ) quipped that Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia “was actually the leading advocate of   not flag burning,” which caused confusion for   Donald Trump.  Frank, after noting that Justice Antonin Scalia opposed bans on   said Trump “cited Scalia as his favorite judge. I think there was a pronunciation problem there. Scalia was actually the leading advocate of   not   and I think that’s where he got himself a little confused. ” (  Mediaite) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett In the New York Post, National Review’s Rich Lowry writes about the importance of the Chris Christie endorsement.  Endorsements usually don’t matter much, but Chris Christie giving his nod to Donald Trump shocked the political world and will bolster a Trump campaign that has grown from a madcap insurgency to a serious threat for the Republican nomination. Most immediately, the New Jersey governor’s endorsement instantly changed the subject from Trump’s debate performance Thursday night, when Marco Rubio got the best of him. Christie accentuates the Trump brand of   toughness. He further validates The Donald and paves the way for future endorsements. Read the whole thing. Thursday on MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports,” former Gov. Ed Rendell ( ) the former chairman of the Democratic National Committee, predicted that in order for Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) to win the Democratic presidential nomination, he’ll have to win a significant majority the elected delegates to overcome the number of   superdelegates supporting Hillary Clinton.  “I think because of the superdelegates who cast their vote based on electability have serious doubts whether Bernie Sanders could be electable once the GOP starts campaigning against him and putting ads against him,” Rendell said. “I think Hillary’s going to do very well with superdelegates. That means Bernie would have to win a significant majority of the elected delegates. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Tuesday on Fox Business Network, billionaire Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban, a supporter of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, told host Neil Cavuto he expected the markets to fall if Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is elected president this fall.  “I have my Trump hedge on,” Cuban said. “In the event Donald wins, I have no doubt in my mind the market tanks. ” Cuban cited the uncertainty about Trump’s policies as the reason for the potential market reaction. “We don’t know what Donald Trump’s plans are. Right now all we know are a little bit about his immigration, which tends to change on a day to day basis, and we know he’s going to reduce taxes significantly. ” “The bottom line is, of all the things we can discuss, the one things the markets hate is uncertainty, and right now with Donald there’s uncertainty. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Ynetnews reports:  The   Gulf Cooperation Council decided Wednesday to formally define Hezbollah a terrorist organization.  The decision comes against the backdrop of the recent crisis between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon in which Saudi Arabia has decided to stop the transfer of security assistance to the Lebanese army and Lebanese security forces following the increasing influence of Hezbollah in state institutions. It was the secretary general of the Gulf Cooperation Council, Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani who made the declaration. “It is a militia. Hezbollah’s incitement and terrorist acts in Syria, Yemen and Iraq are contrary to morality and human values,” he said. Read more here Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) says the difference between him and his political rival Donald Trump is that Trump would allow deported immigrants back into the United States. [“He’s advocated allowing folks to come back in and become citizens,” Cruz told a supporter. “I oppose that. ”  A transcript of the exchange from Buzzfeed: TED CRUZ: Absolutely, yes. We should enforce the law. Q: All? T. C.: We should enforce the law. Q: Ok. T. C.: And in fact, look, there’s a difference. He’s advocated allowing folks to come back in and become citizens. I oppose that. Q: So no citizens and all of them? T. C.: So, if you read I have a very detailed   immigration proposal that’s on my website it’s TedCruz. org. It was designed with Steve King and Jeff Sessions were the two who sat down with me to prepare it and it is enforce the law across the board. Alex Burns of the New York Times lists five Republican figures that the party might nominate at a contested convention and the rationale behind each one. [advertisement Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said   Donald Trump won because “Democrats have focused too much with a liberal elite” while ignoring the working class.  Sanders said, “How does it happen that they win elections and Democrats lose? I think what the conclusion is, is that that is raising incredible sums of money from wealthy people   …     but has ignored to a very significant degree, working class, middle class, and low income people in this country. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The Daily Beast’s Eleanor Clift argued that young people should sign up for insurance under Obamacare in part because, “People need to carry their load in a shared pool of coverage” on Friday’s “McLaughlin Group. ”  Clift said of the people who have failed to purchase insurance under Obamacare, “Some of them are young people who think that they can avoid any kind of accident. But one of them gets, you know, hit by a bus, or motorcycle and ends up in the emergency room, do we really want to be paying for that? People need to carry their load in a shared pool of coverage. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Speaker of the House Paul Ryan is speaking out on the election results. [He addressed the nation from his hometown of Janesville, Wisconsin, saying   Donald Trump “just earned a mandate” from voters.  Paul Ryan: ’Our House majority is bigger than expected  …    and much of that is thanks to Donald Trump.’  —   Byron York (@ByronYork) November 9, 2016,  “Donald Trump heard a voice out in this country that no one else heard,” Ryan stated. House Speaker Paul Ryan speaking for first time since Donald Trump’s presidential victory https:  .  https:  .   —   CNN (@CNN) November 9, 2016,  “The opportunity is now here, the opportunity is to go big, go bold and do things for the people of this country,” Ryan added. PHILADELPHIA, Pennsylvania  —   Leftists from the Revolutionary Communist Party defiled an American flag Thursday outside the Democratic National Convention hours before Hillary Clinton’s acceptance of the Democratic nomination for president. [The group of twenty or so protestors can be heard referring to the U. S. flag as a “piece of sh*t rag!” One of the men stomping on the patriotic symbol asks, “Anybody got to go to the bathroom? We got a rag right here. ”   After spitting and stomping, while onlookers giggled, two females are shown sticking their used gum on the symbol on our country. Watch more below:  From Rebecca Savransky writing at The Hill:  Former Republican presidential candidate Jon Huntsman said Monday he could support Donald Trump if he is the eventual GOP nominee. “If he’s the nominee, I’m a Republican and I tend to gravitate towards whomever the nominee is,” Huntsman told CNN senior political commentator David Axelrod on Axelrod’s podcast “The Axe Files. ” He said Trump’s right in his plans to wipe out the Washington establishment and “bring aboard a new generation of the best and the brightest. ” “I’d love to see someone stand up who’s a total outsider and see if that can be done because I think it would actually be a pretty healthy thing,” he said. Read the rest of the story at The Hill. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg’s advocacy group has released a new video attacking GOP frontrunner Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) on   issues. [“It sounds to me like Republicans think Latinos are criminals and rapists,” says a voice in the video released by FWD. us. “It sounds to me like Republicans just don’t want us here. ”   According to its website, “FWD. us is mobilizing the tech community in support of policies that keep the American Dream achievable in the 21 century, starting with comprehensive immigration reform. ” Zuckerberg founded FWD. us with business leaders from the   sector, including Bill Gates, the founder of Microsoft. Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “Hannity,” former House Speaker Newt Gingrich doubled down on a claim he had made earlier in the day regarding some in the GOP abandoning either of the leading two Republican presidential contenders, Donald Trump or Sen. Ted Cruz ( ).  Gingrich warned that by not falling in line behind Trump or Cruz is effectively supporting Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton. “Let’s be honest, if you want to help elect Hillary Clinton, then help elect Hillary Clinton and a radical Supreme Court, but don’t give us any pious baloney that you’re gonna be for some virtuous middle way,” he said. “There’s no virtuous middle way here  —   you’re either for the Republican nominee, whether it’s Trump or Cruz, or you’re for the election of Hillary Clinton,” he added. “There is no middle ground here. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor,   On this weekend’s brodcast of “Fox News Sunday,” when asked about being considered for the post of   Donald Trump’s White House press secretary, conservative radio talk show host Laura Ingraham said, “I’m always open to new adventures. ”  When asked if she is still under consideration to be the White House press secretary Ingraham said, “Yes and I guess so. I really don’t have anything new to say about it other than the fact that, you know, it’s an intriguing idea. It really is a great privilege to be considered. they have a really good team. You know Kellyanne obviously is phenomenal, first woman to run a presidential campaign. I know Sean Spicer is over there doing great stuff  —  if you like Jason Miller. So they have a lot of good people over there. It’s nice to be considered. I’m always open to new adventures. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN From Ed Kilgore writing at New York magazine:  As the Republican nominee has resorted to more extreme denunciations of the press in recent days, his supporters have followed suit. Chants of “CNN sucks” have become commonplace at Trump’s rallies this week and members of the traveling press were called “whores” and “ ” as they filed out of a Thursday afternoon rally in West Palm Beach. Minutes before, Trump had accused reporters of participating in a vast globalist conspiracy against his campaign and American workers. Read the rest of the story at New York magazine. Donald Trump is firing back after Hillary Clinton’s statement on calling half of Trump’s supporters “racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic”  —    “a basket of deplorables. ”[“Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!” Trump posted on Twitter.  Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 10, 2016,  Clinton made the remarks Friday night at a fundraiser in New York City. “You know to just be grossly generalist, you could put half of Trump’s supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables  …    the racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic, you name it,” Clinton stated. The Jerusalem Post reports:  Germany is beginning to   its longstanding policy of   support for Israel in light of what it perceives as Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s disinclination to move toward a   solution to the Palestine question. According to a report in the prestigious magazine Der Spiegel, diplomatic officials in Berlin are taking a hard look at a   policy of “unconditional support” for Israel in light of continued settlement expansion in the West Bank. The reassessment has been triggered by the realization among officials in Berlin that as long as Netanyahu is in power, Israel has no intention of creating a Palestinian state in the West Bank, thus ushering in an era of “apartheid”  —   according to Der Spiegel. Read the full story. Sunday on “This Week,” the chairman of the Republican National Committee Reince Priebus said the stop Trump movement among Republicans unhappy with the   are “far too late. ”  Partial transcript as follows: STEPHANOPOULOS: “And finally, what do you say to that Stop Trump movement, talked about in “The New York Times” this morning, the possibility of recruiting a   candidate like Senator Tom Coburn or maybe even Governor Rick Perry of Texas? Will that doom your chances as Mr. Trump says?” PRIEBUS: “Well, sure it would. Of course it would. But I also think it’s far too late. I think this is  —   it’s somewhat  —   some folks find it to be interesting and that’s great. But it isn’t likely and it’s probably too late and there is no definitive answer right now as to who the nominee is going to be of our party. So I think all of it’s far too early, George. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN LOS ANGELES (AP)  —   The vast majority of immigrant children who arrive alone at the U. S. border are placed by the government with adults who are in the country illegally, federal data reviewed by The Associated Press show. [advertisement NEW YORK (AP)  —   Madison Bumgarner pitched a   in his latest postseason gem, Conor Gillaspie hit a   homer off Jeurys Familia in the ninth inning, and the San Francisco Giants beat the defending NL champion New York Mets   Wednesday night in the   game. [Trying to follow their World Series titles in 2010, ’12 and ’14, the Giants open the NL Division Series on Friday at the     Chicago Cubs.  Bumgarner has pitched 23 consecutive scoreless innings in    postseason games  —   all on the road  —   following a   at Pittsburgh in the 2014   game and five innings of relief at Kansas City to save Game 7 of the 2014 World Series. Mets pitcher Noah Syndergaard didn’t allow a hit until two outs in the sixth and gave up two hits in seven innings. Addison Reed escaped   trouble in the eighth. Brandon Crawford doubled leading off the ninth against Familia, who walked Joe Panik with one out. Donald Trump is leading Hillary Clinton by 5. 4 percent, according to the USC   Times Presidential Election Daybreak Poll. [Trump raked in 48 percent while Clinton grabbed 42. 6 percent.  The USC   Times Presidential Election Daybreak Poll tracks roughly 3, 000 voters. However, the results are the weighted average from the previous week, so results lag behind several days on responding to major campaign events. (AP) Hillary and Bill Clinton are voting in their hometown of Chappaqua, New York.  . @HillaryClinton walks in to cast her vote at an election center in Chappaqua, New York. #ElectionDay #FoxNews2016 (VIDEO: @JakeBGibson) pic. twitter.   —   Fox News (@FoxNews) November 8, 2016,  SAN DIEGO (AP)  —   David Ortiz ended his   Game career with quite a walk off. [The popular Big Papi was embraced by nearly member of the American League roster Tuesday night when he was replaced by a pinch runner and strolled back to the dugout.  The    Boston designated hitter has said he will retire after this season. He leads the majors in slugging percentage,   average and   hits this year. Ortiz drew a walk in the third inning from Miami’s Jose Fernandez, who said a day earlier that he’d groove a pitch for the slugger. Ortiz kidded with Fernandez on his way to first base after taking ball four. A few moments after Ortiz reached first, AL manager Ned Yost sent in Edwin Encarnacion to run and Ortiz left to a nice ovation. He then hugged his teammates as they came out of the dugout to embrace him. Ortiz played in his 10th   Game. He grounded out hard in his first   in his finale. A protester outside Donald Trump’s campaign rally in Dallas, Texas on Thursday night threw a rock, which bloodied a photographer’s head. [Update: Dallas Advocate photographer Danny Fulgencio, hit with rock at Trump rally, was treated by medics and is OK pic. twitter.   —   ScottGordonNBC5 (@ScottGordonNBC5) June 17, 2016,   Dallas Advocate reporter and photographer Danny Fulgencio had to be treated by medics after an   protester threw a rock and it hit him in the head, causing blood to run down his face. Photographer Danny Fulgencio back on the job. 15 min after getting hit with rock thrown by protestor @wfaachannel8 pic. twitter.   —   Jobin Panicker (@jobinpnews) June 17, 2016,  The rock thrower was not caught. Former White House florist Ronn Payne claims that Chelsea Clinton learned from her parents to call the Secret Service “pigs,” according to the new book The Residence: Inside The Private World Of The White House by Kate Anderson Brower. [The Daily Mail reports:  “Good morning, ma’am,” a member of the uniformed Secret Service once greeted Hillary Clinton. “F —   off,” she replied. That exchange is one among many that active and retired Secret Service agents shared with Ronald Kessler, author of “First Family Detail,” a compelling look at the intrepid personnel who shield America’s presidents and their families  —   and those whom they guard. In the first “Saturday Night Live” since Donald Trump was elected as President Barack Obama’s successor, Kate McKinnon as Hillary Clinton covered recently deceased Leonard Cohen’s “Hallelujah. ”  “Hillary” concluded the cold open by saying, “I’m not giving up, and neither should you. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  MSNBC anchor Brian Williams argued that “Republicans own the excitement of this race” during MSNBC’s coverage of the South Carolina GOP primary.  Williams said, “[W]hile the Democrats have their own gender gap and age gap, I think there is an excitement gap in this race. And I think the Republicans own the excitement of this race. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett advertisement Monday at a campaign rally in Evansville, IN, as Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) was saying, “That choice is to tell the billionaire class   …   ” a man in the crowd shouted, “To f —   off!”  Sanders laughed and said “Well, that is one way to phrase it. See, I myself am constrained. I can’t quite phrase it like that, but that’s not bad. ” He added, “You get to the point very succinctly. I like it. But I will not repeat what the gentleman just said. But it’s something with ‘f —   off.’ I don’t know what it was. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN From Cate Martel writing at The Hill:  Donald Trump is ramping up his ground game and promising a heavy advertising campaign in the homestretch to New Hampshire’s Feb. 9 primary. Trump’s campaign has announced that more than 200 town chairmen in New Hampshire will be helping him put up signs and get people to the polls. He also is vowing to launch a $2 million ad buy in New Hampshire and South Carolina, where he has healthy leads in polls, and in Iowa, where he now trails Sen. Ted Cruz ( ). Cruz is seen by many as the favorite to win Iowa’s caucuses on Feb. 1, which would increase the pressure on Trump to carry out a resounding victory in New Hampshire. Trump has dominated the GOP race for the White House, forcing other candidates to react to him and winning blanket news coverage that has made it difficult for his rivals to get attention. Read the rest of the story at The Hill. Senator Jeff Sessions ( ) who is the Chair of GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump’s National Security Advisory Committee, stated that the father of the perpetrator of the terrorist attack on Orlando, Florida’s Pulse nightclub was “clearly an extremist, a Taliban member” on Monday’s “On the Record” on the Fox News Channel.  Sessions said, [relevant remarks begin around 2:00] “[H]is father was clearly an extremist, a Taliban member, and, properly done, he wouldn’t have been admitted, I think. So, we can protect the United States in many ways by a much more aggressive enforcement. ” (  Washington Examiner) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett,   GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said that President Obama apologized to Muslims when he visited a mosque earlier this week. [“And then President Obama yesterday goes to a mosque and he apologizes,” Trump said as the crowd booed in response. “I mean, what’s going on?”  Trump previously criticized Obama’s visit to a mosque in Baltimore, saying, “Maybe he feels comfortable there. ” Trump told the audience at his campaign rally in Florence, South Carolina on Friday night that Christianity is under siege. He urged that churches should unite on political issues, but they don’t because they are “afraid to lose their   status,” the real estate mogul explained. “You have the most beautiful churches I’ve seen,” Trump said of the churches in South Carolina. “I almost wanted to just go in and pray. ” On Saturday, Jan. 16 through Monday, Jan. 17, the South Carolina Tea Party Coalition will host the South Carolina Tea Party Convention from Myrtle Beach, SC.  Agenda as follows:  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Video shows people flee after explosion rocks Brussels metro station, killing at least 15. https:  . :  .    have died and 130 are injured due to an apparent terrorist attack on an airport and a metro station in Brussels early on Tuesday.  This video shows people fleeing the metro station shortly after the explosion. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo During an interview on CNN on Wednesday, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie criticized Senator Ted Cruz’s ( ) speech at the RNC as “awful” and “selfish. ” And “why Ted has so, so richly deserved the reputation that he’s developed on Capitol Hill. ”  Christie said Cruz’s speech was “awful” and “selfish. ” And that Cruz “signed a pledge, and it’s his job to keep his word.   …     And I think you the performance you saw up there is why Ted has so, so richly deserved the reputation that he’s developed on Capitol Hill. ” He added, Every one of us signed a pledge, and our words should matter, and that’s what disgusts people out in your audience about politicians, that they give their word and then they think that’s negotiable. Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett MASHIKI, Japan (AP)  —   A powerful earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7. 3 struck southern Japan early Saturday, barely 24 hours after a smaller quake hit the same region and killed nine people. [advertisement Tuesday on Newsmax TV’s “The Steve Malzberg Show,” the chairman of a House subcommittee on   Rep. Peter King ( ) said the terror attacks in Brussels at the Maalbeek Metro station and and Zaventem airport, which resulted in deaths of at least 31 and hundreds injured, prove that the Islamic State (ISIS) was “an enemy which is willing and able to strike at almost any time. ”  King said, “It is horror and if there is anything positive that can come out of a tragedy such as this —  is possibly a   call to people that the enemy is Islamist terrorism, that’s going to be here for a long time —  that we can’t be shaking hands with it or be nice to them and hope it will go away. This is an enemy which is willing and able to strike at almost any time. And that’s were we need leadership. That’s were we need the American president to show leadership, rather than watching a baseball game in Cuba. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN,   (Reuters)  —   The widow of an American killed in a shooting attack at a Jordanian police training center has sued Twitter Inc, blaming the social media company for making it easier for Islamic State to spread its message. [Tamara Fields, a Florida woman whose husband Lloyd died in the Nov. 9 attack, accused Twitter of having knowingly let the,  militant Islamist group use its network to spread propaganda, raise money and attract recruits. She said the San   company had until recently given Islamic State an “unfettered” ability to maintain official Twitter accounts. “Without Twitter, the explosive growth of ISIS over the last few years into the   terrorist group in the world would not have been possible,” according to the complaint filed on Wednesday in the federal court in Oakland, California. Read the rest of the story at Reuters. Columnist and author of “Adios, America,” Ann Coulter said that the “sore losers” in the Republican Party over Donald Trump clinching the nomination “know how I feel when [Sen. John] McCain ( ) was running” but that “I wasn’t as much of a little b*tch as George Will is being” on Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time. ”  Coulter said, “The party is not split. Trump has gotten more votes than anyone else running in a republican primary. You are talking about a few sore losers. Now they know how I feel when McCain was running. So I hope they’re enjoying it. And by the way, I wasn’t as much of a little b*tch as George Will is being. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Gun Owners of America is explaining the top 10   successes the group secured in 2016. [The list includes everything from “exposing Hillary Clinton’s   agenda” to securing constitutional carry in various states to helping defeat President Obama’s   Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland.  Here is GOA’s Top 10: AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com. Buzzfeed editor Ben Smith’s father, a Republican judge, came out in support of Hillary Clinton from the Right in a post for Medium entitled “Why This   Is For Her. ”[advertisement Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” New York Times columnist David Brooks said Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump will get the nomination and go down as” biggest loser in American politics. ”  Brooks said, “I think it’s likely Trump. I think he’s the walking dead and he’ll get the nomination and go down to a crushing defeat and will be known for a hundred years from now people will say who’s the biggest loser in American politics and it won’t be McGovern, it won’t be Dukakis, it will be the word Trump. I hope when he is down there in Hades he’s aware of all that. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Ynetnews reports: The Rio 2016 Olympic Games began on a sour note for the Israeli delegation, but not one relating to the actual competition. [When the delegation was ready to board the bus to the Maracana stadium in the Brazilian city, they were physically prevented from doing so by the Lebanese delegation, already aboard, according Israeli sailor Udi Gal.  “The 2016 Olympics  —   a disgrace! !” wrote Gal in a Facebook post. “(When) Israel’s Olympic delegation got ready to board the bus for the opening ceremony, it turned out the bus was shared with the Lebanese delegation. Once the members of the Lebanese delegation realized they were (sharing the bus) with the Israeli delegation, they asked the driver to close the door, with their delegation leader heading (the effort). ” Read the full story here. Hillary Clinton appeared on Capitol Hill to warn the world about “fake news,” explaining that Americans learned of the “real world consequences” of it in 2016. [“The epidemic of malicious fake news and false propaganda that flooded social media over the past year  —   it’s now clear that   fake news can have real world consequences,” Clinton said. “This isn’t about politics or bipartisanship. Lives are at risk. ”  Clinton called for Congress to pass legislation to stop it and for tech moguls in Silicon Valley to continue searching for a way to block it from entering readers’ Facebook and Twitter feeds. “It’s a danger that must be addressed and addressed quickly,” Clinton said. Clinton made her comments during a speech honoring Senate Minority Harry Reid’s retirement from the Senate. She delivered a joke after taking the podium, commenting on her   activities. “After a few weeks of taking selfies in the woods, I thought it’d be a good idea to come out,” she said. The Clinton Family Foundation only gave one $5, 000 contribution to a veterans’ group last year, according to tax returns provided to the Republican National Committee. [The Foundation’s $5, 000 donation to the Wounded Warrior Project represents less than one fifth of one percent of all of the Foundation’s giving in the year 2015.  The Clintons, rich from speaking fees, gave $1. 5 million to their own foundation the same year that only $5, 000 in Clinton money went to the vets. Donald Trump’s strong appeal to veterans around the country, particularly in swing states like Ohio and Virginia, is keeping the Clintons on the run. Hillary Clinton is banking on support from various minority groups and women to get out the vote. Trump, meanwhile, is focusing on getting the vets to the polls. Trump personally raised $5. 6 million for a wide range of veterans groups during this campaign, dwarfing the charitable contributions of his opponent to the   cause. On Monday, GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump will make an appearance in Sarasota, FL at the Sarasota Fairgrounds at 11:00 a. m. ET.  Video courtesy of Right Side Broadcasting Network. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) said border security not mass deportations was going to be the focus of Republican legislators and   Trump.  When asked about concerns over a deportation force, Ryan said, “Sure, sure and I think we should put people’s minds at ease. That is not what we’re focused on. We’re focused on securing the border. We think that’s first and foremost before we get into any other immigration issue, we’ve got to know who’s coming and going in the country. We’re going to secure the border. We believe and border security enforcement bill is the priority. That’s what we’re focused on. ” He added, “We’re not focused on  —   we are not planning on erecting a deportation force. Donald Trump’s not planning on that. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Daily Signal senior contributor Genevieve Wood discusses the upcoming battle to decide who will replace the late Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court with Breitbart News Daily host Stephen K. Bannon on Sirius XM. [“If what Senator Mitch McConnell, if what Senator Chuck Grassley   …     if what they said, if they stick to it, it means that, yes, President Obama has the right to nominate a judge but the Senate has a right to say we’re not going to hold confirmation hearings, or we’re not going to confirm the judge that you selected. They said there are not going to be any hearings, said Wood on the coming battle between the White House and the Senate over confirming a replacement for the late Associate Justice Antonin Scalia.  The full interview can be heard below. Breitbart News Daily airs from   EST on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125.  TOKYO (AP)  —   At least 19 people were killed and about 20 wounded in a knife attack Tuesday at a facility for the handicapped in a city just outside Tokyo in the worst mass killing in generations in Japan. [advertisement CNN Political Contributor Michael Nutter cautioned, “[L]et us not slip into some gender bias” by describing Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as “angry” during CNN’s coverage of the Iowa caucuses.  After CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen said that in their   speeches, “Hillary was so angry compared to [Democratic presidential candidate Senator Bernie] Sanders. ” Nutter objected, “[L]et us not slip into some gender bias here. A man raises his voice, he’s enthusiastic. A woman raises her voice, she’s angry. Let’s be very careful about how we characterize some of these things. ” (  NewsBusters) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett WATCH: ” Fidel Castro. .. was a tyrant. He was a killer. He was a liar.”   @TomLlamasABC, whose parents fled Cuba. https:  .  On Saturday’s “Good Morning America” on ABC, ABC anchor and son to Cuban refugees Tom Llamas shared his reaction to death of Cuban Dictator.  Llamas said, “There is this tendency when world leaders die to kind of misplace this romanticism around some world leaders, but Fidel Castro is someone who was a tyrant, he was a killer, he was a liar  …    ” “[U]p close, [Cuba] is cracked, it is faded and the people are hungry, and that should be the legacy of Fidel Castro,” he later added while tearing up. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent HBO host Bill Maher reacted to the uproar by students at Emory University over   Trump chalk writings by stating, “I so badly want to dropkick these kids” on Friday’s “Real Time. ”  After reading some of the negative reactions from the students to the writings, which caused former Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm (D) to react negatively towards the students who were complaining, Maher stated, “I so badly want to dropkick these kids, into a place where there is actual pain and suffering. What happened in this country?” Comedian Jerrod Carmichael then reacted that he had “never felt more confident” in his decision to skip out on going to college. Maher added, “Everything seems to take a back seat to their feelings, and their sensitivity. Democracy, they don’t give a sh*t about. Free speech doesn’t matter. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett New Delhi (AFP)  —   Britain’s former premier said Saturday the election of France’s Marine Le Pen would be a “big body blow” for Europe, saying he hoped for the victory of a mainstream party. [advertisement In an   for New York magazine’s retrospective series titled “8 Years in Obama’s America, By Barack Obama and 60 Other Players and Witnesses,” Breitbart    Alex Marlow explains Breitbart’s success in shaping the political debate by becoming “the home of conservative opinion” against the permanent political class in Washington. [From Marlow’s   in New York magazine:  It’s gotten progressively easier to shape the debate on the right, which I think a lot of people will find quite scary. And we find it quite thrilling. I’m less interested in   stories than things that have more connective tissue. A lot of these  —   trade and immigration  —   have patterns: The permanent political class in Washington will do a deal that will enrich their friends and make it so companies and people they’re connected to are the direct beneficiaries. One of the things that’s important to Breitbart is to try to understand why the left has been so effective. Read the rest here. Sunday during the Democratic Debate on NBC, Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders was asked by host Lester Holt how he would win a general election while labeling himself a “Democratic Socialist. ”  “The Democratic party needs major reform,” he replied. “To those of you in South Carolina, you know what, in Mississippi, we need a   strategy so that people in South Carolina and Mississippi can get the resources that they need. Instead of being dependent on Super PACs, what we need is to be dependent on small, individual campaign contributors. We need an agenda that speaks to the needs of working families and   people. Not wealthy campaign contributors. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent NEW YORK (AP)  —   CBS says media mogul Sumner Redstone has resigned as chair of the company’s board, replaced by the company’s CEO, Leslie Moonves. [The company says Redstone’s resignation took effect Tuesday and he now serves as chairman emeritus.  He remains the executive chairman of Viacom. The   ’s health and mental capacity have been at the center of a   court fight. Redstone’s   and longtime companion Manuela Herzer has raised issues about his   capacity after she was expelled from his house in October. Herzer was previously in control of Redstone’s care until their split. She contends that Redstone is unable to speak and cannot meaningfully engage in   about his medical care or other topics. GVH Live Bureau Chief Siraj Hashmi said, “as a Muslim myself, I’m wondering whether Trump wants to either deport me first or send me to an interment camp” on Friday’s “McLaughlin Group. ”  Hashmi stated, “I was just wanting to add to the  —   add to Eleanor’s comments about banning all Muslims. And, you know, as a Muslim myself, I’m wondering whether Trump wants to either deport me first or send me to an interment camp. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Police say they have found a newborn baby alive in a trash bin in a restroom at a Pennsylvania gas station. [Westmoreland County District Attorney John Peck told the Associated Press that the baby was found at a BP gas station in North Belle Vernon on Saturday afternoon.  Police believe a woman gave birth in the woman’s restroom. Paramedics called to the scene to treat the mother found the baby, police say. The baby girl appeared to be uninjured and is expected to survive, KDKA reports. She is being monitored at a local hospital. Peck said the District Attorney’s Office is investigating, but no charges have been filed yet. Sometime just after 1 p. m. eastern, on this   New Hampshire voting day, using a fake Donald Trump tweet, National Review’s official Twitter account spread the   claim that Trump voted for Barack Obama:   —    —   The issue of this fake tweet was litigated just last month when conservative radio talk show host Glenn Beck was forced to apologize for spreading this false news. National Review is vehemently  . Late last month the publication devoted an entire issue to defeating the billionaire businessman.   Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                 Monday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, a strident supporter of   Donald Trump, spoke approvingly of Trump accepting a phone call from Taiwan President Tsai   despite it violating a prior agreement with the Chinese government.  Gingrich argued it made the statement that Trump was his “own person” and not intimidated by China. “If the leader of a free people call you, why wouldn’t you take the call? I think this whole State Department mythology that we have to somehow let the Chinese dictate to us is nonsense,” Gingrich said. “And I thought it was a good signal to the world that Donald Trump is going to be his own person and that if the Chinese want to deal with the United States, they’re going to have to actually deal with the United States. They’re not going to be able to intimidate us. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Saturday, the funeral services of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia will be held in the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington, D. C. at 11 a. m. ET.   Scalia Program,  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo MIAMI (AP)  —   Lou Pearlman, credited for starting the   craze and launching the careers of the Backstreet Boys and ‘NSync, has died in prison while serving a   sentence for a massive Ponzi scheme. [The Orlando Sentinel ( Jason Johnson, political editor for The Root, addressed the polls showing that Donald Trump is only getting two percent of   voters, and reasoned the numbers are so low for Trump because the GOP presidential nominee has associated himself with the Ku Klux Klan and alienated  .  “The problem is Donald Trump has associated himself with the Ku Klux Klan. Donald Trump has said hostile things about Black Lives Matter. He has consistently said things that have alienated the black community, and rather than addressing those things and saying, ‘Let’s reach out to the black Republicans and tell them there’s still a space for them,’ they’re treated as if somehow black people haven’t been hearing what he’s saying over the last year and a half,” Johnson told Sean Jackson, chairman of the Florida Black Republican Caucus. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Alexandra Klausner writes in the New York Post that Republicans aren’t the only ones who think Hillary Clinton is “crooked. ”[Bernie Sanders supporters and Donald Trump fans have at least one thing in common  —   they want Hillary Clinton behind bars.  DNC delegates protested by Bernie supporters shouting ’Hell no DNC. We won’t vote for Hillary’ pic. twitter.   —   Trip Gabriel (@tripgabriel) July 25, 2016,  A group of disheartened Sanders backers chanted and waved signs outside an Info Wars sponsored van emblazoned with the slogan, “Hillary for Prison 2016,” according to Kayla Epstein of the Washington Post. Sanders supporters at Philly protest run over and cheer a ”Hillary for prison” van sponsored by InfoWars. pic. twitter.   —   Kayla Epstein (@KaylaEpstein) July 25, 2016,  They were among the hundreds of Sanders’ diehard fans who marched down Philadelphia’s Broad Street on opening day of the Democratic National Convention. Read the rest here. Jeb Bush apologized to his major donors in a conference call Wednesday after dropping out of the Republican presidential race following his disastrous finish in the South Carolina primary.   CHICAGO (AP)  —   The Chicago mayor’s office, police and the body that investigates police shootings closely coordinated their response in the months after a white officer fatally shot a black teenager in 2014, newly released emails revealed. [advertisement Black Lives Matter and the Students for Democratic Society banded together today at Florida State University to protest MILO’s talk on campus.[  “Racist, sexist,  . Milo Milo, Go away!” the crowd chanted. The line of Milo fans awaiting entry into the lecture hall chanted back “Build the Wall. ” One Milo fan held up his own placard alongside those of the   protesters.  The protest was led by a number of characters, including a hairy   male wearing a tight dress, an overweight woman with a striking purple mohawk.  The speakers accused Breitbart News of being a “  organization” supporting MILO and the “hate speech” he uses.  The   rally concluded just before he took the stage, with protesters retiring to a separate venue for a meeting.  You can watch Milo’s full talk at FSU below.  Alex Jones of Infowars. com weighed in on Glenn Beck’s comments praising Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg. [“I told you  —   [Beck] would come out prostrating himself, lying down his little snake belly, rubbing his little pot belly on the ground, and he will sit there and come out and go, ‘You know, Zuckerberg has got to control fake news and hateful and bad stuff and there’s a lot of extremism and I agree with him. ’”  “He’s  . He’s burned himself up in front of everybody,” Jones added. “I’m not going to cook hot dogs on his fire because I like hickory and oak. I don’t like roasting hot dogs over a little demonic goblin. ” Beck and 16 other conservatives met with Zuckerberg last week in a damage control meeting the Facebook CEO called following reports that his social media platform actively suppresses conservative stories in its trending news section. A YouTuber who goes by the name Joey’s Garage is joining in on the #DumpKelloggs movement in a unique way. [“Today is a very sad day,” Joey’s Garage says in the video under the title “Goodbye. ”  “I’ve got to say goodbye,” he adds. “Not to you guys, but to Kellogg’s. If you haven’t seen it on the news, if you haven’t seen it on social media, there is a Dump Kellogg’s going around because our values don’t align. So, it is what it is. ” The YouTuber then cuts to a box of s’mores Kellogg’s   that he blows up.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo A bar in Billings, MT was robbed at gunpoint, but that did not stop one couple there from enjoying their experience.  Early into Monday morning, three masked men entered the Tap Inn with guns. One of the robbers can be seen on the surveillance video cleaning out the cash register while the other two pointed their guns at bar patrons and the bartender. One couple, lost in each other’s eyes, failed to notice the robbery as it took place right beside them, and continued on with their kissing. It was not until after the robbers left that the couple looked up. Billings Gazette reports the bar is unsure right now just how much the robbers made away with, but bar   Chuck Rhodes does not believe the robbers are professionals. “To me, they weren’t professional at all,” Rhodes told Billings Gazette. “They were just grabbing. ” (  NPR) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Wednesday on Fox Business Network’s “Cavuto: Coast to Coast,” former GOP presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson weighed in on the Treasury Department’s decision to remove former President Andrew Jackson from the $20 bill for abolitionist Harriet Tubman.  Carson sung the praises of Jackson and suggest there should have been another way found to honor Tubman. “I think Andrew Jackson was a tremendous secretary, I mean a tremendous president,” Carson said. “Andrew Jackson was the last president who actually balanced the federal budget where we had no national debt. ” “I love Harriet Tubman, but we can find another way to honor her,” he added. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Tonight, at Ohio State University, MILO will take the stage in grand fashion to give a speech titled “Tough Love,” where he will urge America to vote for Donald Trump next week and roll back the era of coddling. [The event begins at 8:30 PM EST in the US Bank Theatre on Ohio State campus. This is the final show of the first leg in MILO’s Dangerous Faggot Tour, which resumes again in late November.  MILO will discuss why America needs to embrace it’s natural disposition to hate things, rather than suppressing those for the sake of feelings and political correctness. You can watch the show live, at the scheduled time, using the link below.  Republican nominee Donald Trump responded to the attack in Munich, Germany where at least nine people were killed in what officials say appears to be a terrorist attack. [“Our prayers are with all those affected by the horrible attacks in Munich. This cannot continue,” Trump said in a press release on Friday evening. “The rise of terrorism threatens the way of life for all civilized people, and we must do everything in our power to keep it from our shores. ”  According to CNN, the gunman is also dead, which puts the total death count at 10. No organization has taken credit for the attack. Pop icon Prince died on Thursday morning at the young age of 57. While the entertainer left behind a volume of work that is as prolific as it is influential, he also wrote or   some of the biggest songs of the past few decades, including for artists like Tom Jones, Alicia Keys and Madonna. [Here are 10 songs that you may not have known were written by The Purple One. Rest in peace, Prince.  1. Sinead O’Connor  —   “Nothing Compares 2 U” 2. Chaka Kahn  —   “I Feel For You” 3. Alicia Keys  —   “How Come You Don’t Call Me Anymore” 4. Tom Jones  —   “Kiss” 5. Madonna  —   “Love Song” 6. The Time  —   “The Bird” 7. Cyndi Lauper  —   “When You Were Mine” 8. The Bangles  —   “Manic Monday” 9. Tevin Campbell  —   “Round and Round” 10. Apollonia 6  —   “Sex Shooter”   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum Senator Chuck Schumer ( ) is asking the White House to appoint a “Zika czar. ”[CBS News in Albany reports Schumer saying the Zika czar would “coordinate between federal agencies and foreign governments to prevent the spread of the virus. ”  President Barack Obama has already asked for $1. 8 billion from Congress for Zika, so the office Schumer envisions would be very  . He encouraged creating the position before mosquito season gets underway in the United States. That would be a very short timetable, as mosquito season will begin fairly soon across much of the southern United States. “With dozens of Zika cases now in America, it’s time for the feds to step in and appoint a lead person who can rein in the outbreak before it spreads even further,” said Schumer, as quoted by the New York Daily News. Syracuse. com notes there have been 11 positive cases of Zika infection among residents of New York State, all of them travelers who visited countries where Zika is spreading. UNREAL. pic. twitter.  Los Angeles Dodgers second baseman Chase Utley turned an easy play into a highlight reel play Thursday against the Colorado Rockies.  Down   in the top of the fourth inning, Rockies pitcher Tyler Chatwood hit a weak grounder to Utley, who misplayed the ball. The ball bounced off Utley, but he quickly turned, grabbed the ball and tossed it backwards to first baseman Adrian Gonzalez without looking to get Chatwood out. The Dodgers came back to win the game  . Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent (Reuters)  —   Celebrity real estate developer Donald Trump has extended his lead nationally over Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Ohio Governor John Kasich for the Republican presidential nomination, according to the latest   poll.  The national online poll from April   showed that 42 percent of Republicans support Trump, compared with 32 percent for Cruz and 20 percent for Kasich. Trump has topped the poll of Republican voters since July, though his lead narrowed considerably in recent weeks as Trump retweeted unflattering pictures of Cruz’s wife and his campaign manager was charged with battery in an incident involving a reporter at a campaign event. Meanwhile, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton led Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont for the Democratic nomination. The poll showed that 53 percent of Democrats support Clinton and 43 percent support Sanders. The poll included 626 Republicans and 668 Democrats and has a credibility interval of 4. 6 percentage points. Call of Duty: Black Ops III is introducing daily, weekly, and special Contracts to reward players with cryptokeys, calling cards, and the ability to play as Blackjack, the Black Market vendor. Stephen A. Smith reacted Monday on ESPN2’s “First Take” to San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick sitting during the national anthem in order to protest the oppression of black people, and the ESPN host said Kaepernick is bringing attention to the fact that most   feel they are still living in a “racist society” today.  “What it brings us back to is a reality that a lot of folks in America do not want to accept,” Smith said. “We have come a long way. We are better today than we were 10 years ago, 20 years ago, 40, 50 years ago, but that does not negate the fact that in the eyes of a vast majority of   in this country this is still a racist society. It is still a racist environment that black people are subjected to every single day, per capita income, education, et cetera, et cetera. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent From Elle Griffiths writing at Mirror:  A horrifying clip, appearing to show the moment a man nearly   his ‘wife’ before neighbours intervened, has emerged online. The disturbing footage opens with a man crouched over a woman lying in the street. It appears he is trying to steady himself while he holds her head and attempts to cut her throat. Read the rest of the story at Mirror. President Obama’s press conference on Friday was briefly paused due to a reporter who fell ill during the conference.  Obama paused one of his answers to ask what was going on after he noticed something was wrong, after being told that one of the reporters wasn’t feeling well, Obama asked if someone would be willing to go his doctor’s office and get one of the doctors to help. Obama briefly resumed his answer, before stopping again after someone began asking for a doctor. Obama asked, “Can somebody help out, please, and get Doc Jackson in here?” During the incident, one of the reporters thanked the president for stopping, to which he replied, “Of course. ” He further asked people to give the reporter some room while they waited for the doctor to arrive. Obama also gave directions to the doctor’s office shortly before the doctor arrived. (Video via Fox 10 Phoenix) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Donald Trump, Jr. GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s son, posted on Instagram a photo of him doing a “Joe Biden impersonation,” suggesting he could run as Trump’s vice president, with smiling and laughing emojis. [Don Jr. posted on Instagram on Sunday:  I keep seeing this pic on the political sites of me and @realdonaldtrump  …     I look like I’m doing my finest Joe Biden impersonation! Who knows maybe it’s foreshadowing  …     Maybe we go with the name recognition ticket for  . The Donald Trump Donald Trump ticket. I like the sound of that.  I keep seeing this pic on the political sites of me and @realdonaldtrump  …     I look like I’m doing my finest Joe Biden impersonation! 😂  Who knows maybe it’s foreshadowing  …     Maybe we go with the name recognition ticket for  . The Donald Trump Donald Trump ticket. I like the sound of that 😄😄😄 A photo posted by Donald Trump Jr. (@donaldjtrumpjr) on May 1, 2016 at 5:57am PDT,      Children are spending their days watching streaming services such as Netflix up to a staggering 27 times more they spend playing outdoors, according to a new analysis. [Research undertaken by Exstreamist shows that the average child between the ages of   watches 1. 8 hours a day of video content, primarily from services such as Netflix, YouTube, and Hulu, for a total of 650 hours a year, or 27 days.  This can be compared to the data provided by the National Wildlife Federation, which revealed that children only spend a dismal   minutes of optional time outdoors, setting aside structured activities such as sports or walking to school. That means that children are on average spending 15 times the amount of time streaming as playing outdoors, with this figure rising to 27 times in some of the worst case scenarios. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at ben@yiannopoulos. net From Kwong   writing at The South China Morning Post:  The number of billionaires in the world grew by 99 to a record high of 2, 188 last year, with the majority of new entries coming from Greater China, according to the new Hurun Global Rich List. The mainland, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan provided 90 of the new entries, which swelled the ranks of Chinese billionaires to 568 and meant China overtook the US, which had 535. China’s billionaires had a combined net worth of US$1. 4 trillion. Despite the global slowdown, the wealth of the world’s   jumped 9 per cent to US$7. 3 trillion. The list calculated billionaires’ wealth as of January 15. Read the rest of the story at The South China Morning Post. Tuesday at a stop on his “Thank You” tour in West Allis, WI,   Donald Trump opened up his appearance by fulfilling a campaign promise regarding the use of “Merry Christmas” as a holiday greeting.  “So when I started 18 months ago, I told my first crowd in Wisconsin that we are going to come back here someday and we are going to say merry Christmas again,” Trump said. “Merry Christmas  —   so, merry Christmas everyone. Happy New Year, but Merry Christmas. And I am here today for one main reason: to say thank you to the people of Wisconsin. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor An Ohio woman was arrested for allegedly offering to perform a sexual act on an undercover police offer in exchange for $60 and some nachos, according to a police report. [Crystal D. Hotlosz, 36, was arrested on charges of solicitation, possession of criminal tools and promoting prostitution, WJW reports.  Hotlosz, of Clairsville, advertised her services on Youngstown Backpage, an online classified ads site for the Youngstown area. Police also arrested the man who drove her to the parking lot of the restaurant. Police took Hotlosz and the driver to Mahoning County Jail. Hotlosz was so determined to get the nachos she even asked the officer several times for them, KTLA reports. Chelsea Clinton traveled by private jet while campaigning for mother Hillary in the swing state of North Carolina Wednesday, flying from town to town rather than hitting the road in a car or a bus. [Chelsea was caught boarding a   private jet after the Clinton event in Greenville, North Carolina. Her next event, in Asheville, was called the “Clean Energy Roundtable. ”  Here is video of Clinton boarding the jet.  Here is Clinton touting her environmentalist credentials at the Clean Energy Roundtable.  UCLA gunman Mainak Sarkar allegedly shot and killed professor William Klug on Wednesday over a computer code. [LAPD says Sarkar, who killed himself after allegedly murdering Klug, had accused Klug of “stealing his computer code and giving it to someone else. ”  According to the Los Angeles Times, Sarkar was a former doctoral student. Breitbart News Previously reported that Sarkar allegedly shot and killed Klug in a gun free zone just before 10 am on Wednesday, then turned the gun on himself —  taking his own life. Any motives beyond the allegations related to the computer code are unknown at this time, but   reports that police are “[focused] on Sarkar’s grades and a “ ” poor relationship between the two men. ” Sarkar was one of Klug’s past students. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com. Tuesday during live shot of MSNBC’s Chris Jansing at a polling precinct in Ohio, one voter offered up his “Make America Great Again” hat, which he had concealed underneath a hoodie.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo In an interview with CBS’s “60 Minutes” set to air Sunday, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told network correspondent Leslie Stahl he believed   Donald Trump would be a supporter of both Israel and the Jewish people.  “I know Donald Trump,” Netanyahu said. “I know him very well. And I think his attitude, his support for Israel is very clear. He feels very warmly about the Jewish state, about the Jewish people and about Jewish people. There’s no question about that. ” Netanyahu acknowledged “differences of opinion” with the current president when asked if he expected things to improve with Trump. However, he denied his differences with Obama were personal. “We had differences of opinion  —   I had differences of opinion with President Obama,” he added. “The most   was Iran. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor GOP frontrunner Donald Trump took to Twitter to “thank the evangelical Christians for the warm embrace [he’s] received on the campaign trail. ”[In his appeal to the evangelical vote just two days before the Iowa caucus, Trump posted a video on Facebook where he holds his mother’s Bible and also thanks the evangelical voting block for keeping him high in the polls.  “I really appreciate the support given to me by the evangelicals  —   they’ve been incredible,” Trump said in the video. “Every poll says how well I’m doing with them. ” He adds, “My mother gave me this Bible  —   this very Bible  —   many years ago. ” “It’s just very special to me and again I want to thank the evangelicals. I will never let you down,” he vowed. COLUMBIA, S. C. (AP)  —   Donald Trump has emerged as the   for the GOP nomination by winning over roughly a third of Republicans in the early voting states and in preference polls, packing his rallies with men and women, evangelical Christians and military veterans,   workers and wealthy retirees. [advertisement From campaign start to finish   Donald Trump was   and his defense of the Second Amendment was ubiquitous. However, eight   moments stood out from the rest, moments that resonated with Americans and were particularly damning to Hillary Clinton and the gun controllers who had hitched their cart to her campaign. [Trump’s eight best   moments:  AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.   Julian Assange’s internet link has been intentionally severed by a state party. We have activated the appropriate contingency plans.  —   WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 17, 2016,  From ITV News: [A hairdresser has appeared in court charged with deliberately infecting male lovers with HIV, following an investigation involving Sussex Police. Daryll Rowe, 26, of no fixed address but previously from Edinburgh, was before magistrates sitting at Newcastle Crown Court. Rowe did not enter pleas to seven counts of causing grievous bodily harm (GBH) and one count of attempted GBH. The alleged offences were said to have happened between October 2015 and January 31 this year. READ MORE AT ITV NEWS PARIS (AP)  —   A special French court has declared International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde guilty of criminal negligence in a   arbitration case. [But the court decided not to punish her or give her a criminal record.  The Court of Justice of the Republic ruled that her negligence while servicing as finance minister allowed for the misappropriation of funds by other people. The others, in a separate case, haven’t yet been tried. Tuesday at an event at the National Press Club, the first Muslim elected to the U. S. Congress Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) took aim at Muslims who support presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, likening them to “chickens for Colonel Sanders” of Kentucky Fried Chicken fast food restaurant fame.  Ellison said, “Muslims who support Trump is like chickens for Colonel Sanders. You know what I mean? You think that you are going to be the chicken who doesn’t get fired up?  Well I think you better guess again. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN  Starting off my Monday at @TrumpGolfBedminster, hosting our Championship Preview for the 2017 US Women’s Open. I’m with three of the world’s greatest athletes, @CristieKerr, @PaulaCreamer1 and @Brittany1Golf, who gave me a few pointers about smashing a drive (in heels, no less! ). #WorkInProgress, A video posted by Ivanka Trump (@ivankatrump) on May 23, 2016 at 9:10am PDT, Presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump’s oldest daughter Ivanka Trump posted a video promoting the 2017 Women’s U. S. Open to her Instagram account along with LPGA stars Paula Creamer, Cristie Kerr and Brittany Lincicome. The tournament will be hosted by Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, NJ.  Trump let 2010 champion Paula Creamer go first, but she then let loose on one in her heels, which left the three LPGA companions impressed. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent A majority of likely voters support sending American ground troops to fight ISIS, according to the latest Morning   poll.[  percent signaled support for ground troops to fight ISIS while 36 percent opposed the idea.    percent in the poll also signaled that they do not want the United States to accept more Syrian refugees. Only 33 percent of voters supported the idea of letting in more refugees from Syria. The numbers signal opposition to President Barack Obama’s handling of the crisis in Syria. Although he has launched thousands of airstrikes in the region for two years, he remains opposed to American ground combat troops directly fighting ISIS. Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton also remains opposed to the idea of using U. S. ground troops to fight the Islamic state. Under Obama, the U. S. has admitted 10, 000 Syrian refugees already in 2016, has signaled that he wants to accept 110, 000 Syrian refugees by next year. Hard work pays off.  Just ask Duke football   Danny Doyle. During a team meeting this week, the junior defensive end learned in front of teammates that he was the new recipient of a football scholarship after head coach David Cutcliffe received a phone call from Doyle’s parents. Upon hearing the news, Doyle’s teammates erupted with cheers and applause. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Sunday on New York AM 970 radio’s “The Cats Roundtable,” Gov. Scott Walker ( ) laid out the plan for Republican   nominee Mike Pence for the upcoming   debate.  According to Walker, Pence’s “job” will be to “quickly dismiss” attacks on Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, and then pivot to Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s problems. “All the research I did to help Mike Pence out with Tim Kaine suggests to me that Sen. Kaine will be very decent. He’ll come across as a   nice guy. But in the end he’ll take shot after shot after shot at Donald Trump. Mike Pence’s job is to come in and quickly dismiss these attacks and quickly pivot to the problems of Hillary Clinton,” Walker told host John Catsimatidis. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  According to the New Hampshire exit polls, a full 66% of Republican voters back a “ban on Muslims from entering the U. S. ” This obviously is good news for Donald Trump, who proposed a temporary ban on foreign Muslims entering the country until our government is in a better position to avoid another Sacramento terror attack. The female jihadist who committed that terror attack was here on a fiancée visa.  By all accounts, Trump made this proposal based only on his instincts, not any kind of focus group polling. Every other candidate in the Republican primary disagreed with the proposal, many outright condemned it as bigotry.  —   Two thirds of NH voters back Muslim ban. pic. twitter.   —   John Nolte (@NolteNC) February 9, 2016,   —     Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC             On Thursday’s broadcast of “MSNBC Live,” anchor Stephanie Ruhle stated that former Trump campaign manager and   presidential counselor Kellyanne Conway “without a doubt,” “did break the glass ceiling. ”  Ruhle said, “Listen, whether you like her or not, Kellyanne Conway got the job done, and without a doubt, she did break the glass ceiling. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Per a Fox 61 report, Hartford, CT police are investigating after dozens of teens stormed into a Shell gas station Saturday night and looted.  Police say   teens entered the gas station after a party in the area. The wild teens destroyed property and looted items, mostly candy and snacks, and reportedly did $4, 000 worth of damage to the store. The store owner had to close down for the rest of the night to clean up the mess. Later, a man and a juvenile walked into the store, stole items and caused more damage. The store owner identified the two to police when they arrived. Fox 61 says the man is identified as    Travon Shirly. He reportedly fought with officers before being arrested. One officer received minor injuries from the scuffle. The juvenile was processed and then released at the scene. Hartford police are still searching for information on the group of teens. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Since the 1940s, the University of Nebraska has celebrated its football team’s first score of the game by releasing a large amount of red balloons.  Now, an activist in Omaha, NE wants the tradition banned, according to a Fox News report. Randall Krause filed a lawsuit last week alleging that the balloon release is in violation of the 1976 Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, which prohibits the open dumping of solid waste. The Wall Street Journal released the statement from University of Nebraska spokesman Steve Smith that says the school does not comment on pending legislation. “It is, however, worth noting that every balloon released in Memorial Stadium is natural latex biodegradable, and they are tied off with 100% cotton strings,” Smith said in the statement. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Monday on his nationally syndicated talk show, Glenn Beck accused Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of creating a conservative version of Black Lives Matter.  Beck said, “He’s making a new group of Black Lives Matter. He’s making a new group of people that so distrust and hate the system that they will buy anything. It was a rigged election, the media ought to go to jail, and it’s these Republicans, and not look at whose leading that. OK. Same thing. Same thing. They start with a good reason like Black Lives Matter. ” He added, “It will galvanize them and when Hillary Clinton goes awry, which she will, those people are going to be our  —   I don’t want to say Black Lives Matter because I hope they won’t get violent, but maybe they will. I don’t know. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN WASHINGTON (AP)  —   Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew has decided to put Harriet Tubman on the $20 bill, making her the first woman on U. S. paper currency in 100 years, a Treasury official said Wednesday. [advertisement Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,”while discussing the strained racial divide in America as exposed by the recent police shootings in Louisiana and Minnesota and the killing of five officers in Dallas, former “Nightly News” anchor Tom Brokaw said thought the United States would be “a different country by now. ”  Brokaw,”I grew up at the beginning  of the civil rights movement. I really thought we would be a different country by now. We have elected an Africa American president There is a lot of progress. But the hostility out there is really unsettling to me And it’s based on pigmentation People are making judgments based on the color of skin Bang like that. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Donald Trump reminded members of the media on Wednesday that Hillary Clinton was a “world class liar,” comparing her remarks about landing in Bosnia under   to lies from NBC’s Brian Williams about his plane taking   in Iraq. [“Most people know, she’s a world class liar, just look at her pathetic   server statements or her phony landing,” Trump said.  Trump condemned Clinton’s “ ” lies, reminding the media that she never appeared to suffer the consequences. “Brian Williams’ career was destroyed for saying less. Just remember that,” Trump said. The comparison to Brian Williams was   as the former NBC nightly news anchor was the   for Trump’s speech coverage for MSNBC. But Williams and his fellow NBC reporters did not mention his brief cameo in the speech in their   analysis. The Times of Israel reports:  Israel’s famously partisan papers have finally found something to agree on: They all love Gal Gadot. Israel Hayom, the Sheldon     daily, called her a “woman of valor. ” Walla, a popular news website, suggestedthat if Israelis were tired of her, they might as well “move to another news item, site or planet. ” The City Mouse, an events website owned by the   newspaper Haaretz, celebrated “ ” and proclaimed the actress to be “plowing through America. ” The Israeli press was this month celebrating Gadot’s star turn as Wonder Woman in the blockbuster “Batman v Superman,” which opened Friday across the US. But she’s been an Israeli hero for much longer. Read the full story. A Michigan woman is facing threats of fines from her townhome complex for hanging an American flag on her door. [Doris Fladzinkski hung the flag on her door at Kearsley Creek Townhomes and received a notice that she would be fined $25 per day for every day the flag remained up until she took it down.  “I pay to live here. The door, as far as I’m concerned, is my property until I step on the sidewalk,” Fladzinkski said to WNEM. “I don’t care what kind of flag you want to hang, as long as our flag is on top. ” Managers of the townhome complex told WNEM that restrictions are in the lease and that allowing one type of flag on one door would open a figurative door to potentially offensive displays. At a campaign rally in Los Angeles on Saturday, two protesters interrupted a Hillary Clinton by shouting that Clinton was “evil” and “guilty. ”  “She is guilty, she is guilty, she is evil,” the protesters shouted. According to a report, one of those protesters was escorted out. Two solo protesters at today’s Clinton event in LA. ”She is guilty, she is guilty, she is evil,” shouts one man as he is escorted out.  —   Dan Merica (@danmericaCNN) April 16, 2016,  (  Grabien) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor (Reuters)  —   Europe’s growing army of robot workers could be classed as “electronic persons” and their owners liable to paying social security for them if the European Union adopts a draft plan to address the realities of a new industrial revolution. [Robots are being deployed in   numbers in factories and also taking on tasks such as personal care or surgery, raising fears over unemployment, wealth inequality and alienation.  Their growing intelligence, pervasiveness and autonomy requires rethinking everything from taxation to legal liability, a draft European Parliament motion, dated May 31, suggests. Some robots are even taking on a human form. Visitors to the world’s biggest travel show in March were greeted by a lifelike robot developed by Japan’s Toshiba (6502. T) and were helped by another made by France’s Aldebaran Robotics. Read the rest of the story at Reuters. (REUTERS)  —   Saudi police detained a young woman for violating modesty rules after she removed her abaya, the     robes women are required to wear, on a main street in the capital Riyadh, local media reported on Monday. [The conservative Muslim country enforces a strict dress code for women in public, bans them from driving and prohibits the mixing of sexes.  The     newspaper reported that the woman was detained after a complaint was filed by the religious police. Read more here. The Jerusalem Post reports: German author and Holocaust revisionist Ursula Haverbeck, age 87, was sentenced to serve eight months in jail after claiming that no Jews were murdered in Auschwitz. [On Friday a German court sentenced Haverbeck on charges of sedition.  Under the German criminal code, Volksverhetzung, or incitement of the people, bans incitement to hatred against any segment of the population. Read the full story here. Chicago Tribune Editorial Board member Clarence Page and “McLaughlin Group” host John McLaughlin predicted the FBI will recommend Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton face prosecution for mishandling classified information on Friday.  McLaughlin asked, “Forced prediction for the panel: the FBI will recommend that Hillary Clinton face prosecution for mishandling classified information? That’s the FBI. Yes or no?” Page stated, “I’m going to say yes, but she won’t be indicted. ” McLaughlin responded, “I’m with you. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett The White House doesn’t intend to challenge FBI Director James Comey, even though he notified Congress that the agency would revisit the email investigation into Hillary Clinton’s private email server just 11 days before the presidential election. [“The president doesn’t believe Director Comey is trying to influence the outcome of an election,” White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said.  Earnest said that Comey was a “man of integrity and character,” but added that he would “neither defend nor criticize” his decisions about informing the public. “”I’ll neither defend, nor criticize, what Director Comey has decided,” he said. But he did note that it was an unprecedented action that differed from White House tradition about refusing to discuss ongoing investigations. Earnest added that the FBI director was “in a tough spot. ” “He’s got a very difficult job,” Earnest said. Republican presidential candidates Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Donald Trump have been attacking each other over Trump’s boycott of Thursday’s Republican presidential debate. [Cruz’s campaign is now selling “Make Trump Debate Again” hats, poking fun at Trump’s campaign slogan, “Make America Great Again. ” The hats cost $25 each.  Trump announced Tuesday evening that he will not participate in the Fox News debate. Since his announcement, Cruz has been encouraging Trump to debate him   : I challenged @realDonaldTrump to a    debate. Tell him to accept: https:  .  #DuckingDonald pic. twitter.   —   Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) January 27, 2016,  Trump responded to Cruz’s challenge Wednesday by mocking him and questioning his eligibility. Trump tweeted: Even though I beat him in the first six debates, especially the last one, Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 27, 2016,  PHILADELPHIA, PA  —   Black Men for Bernie founder Bruce Carter told a crowd of thousands to watch the documentary Clinton Cash at the “Day of Bernie” rally outside the Democrat National Convention. [Green presidential candidate Jill Stein had just finished speaking when Carter, who has become one of the most recognizable Bernie supporters with his social media videos and national bus tours, told the crowd that they should go watch Clinton Cash and tell Hillary supporters to go see the movie so that they could “get educated. ”  Clinton Cash has trended #1 on Facebook all three days of the DNC convention and is available free by clicking here.  DENVER (AP)  —   Peyton Manning replaced Brock Osweiler in the third quarter Sunday and led the Broncos a   win over the San Diego Chargers that clinched the top seed in the AFC playoffs for Denver.  Combined with New England’s loss at Miami, the Broncos ( ) secured the No. 1 seed even as they head into the playoffs with a quarterback quandary on their hands. The Chargers ( ) wrapped up what might have been their final season representing San Diego as ownership tries to move the team to L. A. The Broncos were facing the possibility of tumbling into the   round because of Kansas City’s 10th consecutive win,   over Oakland, when Manning came to the rescue. ___, AP NFL website: www. pro32. ap. org and www. twitter.  (AP) Under pressure to prevent people from sneaking onto runways and planes at major U. S. airports, authorities are cracking down  —   not on the intruders who slip through perimeter gates or jump over fences, but on the release of information about the breaches. [advertisement The early exit polls show that nearly half of Republican voters (46%) polled today made up their minds today. The same is true for fewer than   of Democrats. This could make the polls in the Republican race, all of which show Donald Trump with wide leads, less reliable than Democrat polls, which showed Bernie Sanders way ahead with Hillary closing a bit.  Per CNN, “Economic issues topped the list of issues in both contests. For the Democrats, the economy and jobs ran evenly with income inequality, with about   citing each as a top issue, while for Republicans, three in 10 cited the economy, and about   each government spending or terrorism. ” The polls also show that the GOP race “centered” on voters “discontent” with the federal government and the Republican Party.   Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                 “I have never seen a human being eat in such a disgusting fashion,” Donald Trump said in Rhode Island yesterday at a campaign event, referring to his campaign opponent John Kasich and his eating habits. [“This guy takes a pancake and he’s shoving it in his mouth. It is disgusting,” he continued. “Do you want that for your president? I don’t think so, I don’t think so. Honestly it’s disgusting. ”  Trump was referring to Kasich’s on camera interview Monday morning while he was eating pancakes in a Philadelphia diner. The presidential trail is peppered with visits to restaurants, diners, cafes, and bars, but Kasich has a reputation for diving into campaign food with gusto. Campaigning in the Bronx, Kasich ate two plates of spaghetti bolognese, a sandwich with mozzarella, pickles, salami, provolone, and hot peppers before ordering a dish pasta fagioli. Later that afternoon he ate pizza live on camera to prove that he didn’t always eat it with a fork.  Conservative author and filmmaker Dinesh D’Souza discussed the history of the Democratic Party and his new film Hillary’s America with Breitbart News daily host Stephen K. Bannon today on SiriusXM radio, calling it akin to a criminal gang.  “I begin to look at the Democratic Party and Progressivism not just as a movement of ideas but as a movement to seize wealth and power  —   to get its hands on the wealth of America and exercise power over other people’s lives in the same way a criminal gang does,” said D’Souza. “We’re telling the story of American politics in a way that shows many of the crimes of the Democratic party, of Obama and Hillary, are rooted in things this party has been doing to American and to poor people for a long time,” he added. He also said he would like to release the film the weekend of the Democratic convention. The entire interview can be heard below. Breitbart News Daily airs weekdays from   EST on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125. LISTEN:   How exciting and   was the 2016 Democratic National Convention? Pfizer hopes to    and sell it as a cure for insomnia!  So, on the   that you Netflix’ed past the     here is your 2016 convention news, notes, and snark: Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) does not believe that President Obama should nominate a Supreme Court Justice to replace Justice Antonin Scalia who passed away on Saturday. [“I do not believe the president should appoint someone. And it’s not unprecedented,” he said during the CBS debate tonight. “In fact, it has been over 80 years since a lame duck president has appointed a Supreme Court justice. ”  Rubio praised Scalia as a justice who stood strong for the original interpretation of the Constitution instead of the “fads of the moment. ” “He will go down as one of the great justices in the history of this republic,” Rubio said. He reminded viewers of the debate that the election became more important than ever. “We need to put people on the bench that understand that the Constitution is not a living and breathing document,” he said. “It is to be interpreted as originally meant. ” Sunday on CNN’s “Reliable Sources,” while commenting on Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton having to leave during the   memorial service, host Brian Stelter said, “For an hour and a half the press pool that travels with her didn’t exactly know where she was. ”  Stelter said,”Whenever there is any kind of  health scare, maybe that’s what you call this this morning, reporters are going to ask more about this. Do you think it was significant for an hour and a half the press pool that travels with her didn’t exactly know where she was?” Reporter Jeff Zeleny said, “I think that is significant, it is called the protective press pool for a reason. Once a candidate becomes a nominee of a party, both sides, there is a protective press pool around them like the president of the United States. That’s a small group of reporters, one from the broadcast network, one from the wires and one from the print organization. They in fact were, in fact, not informed as to her whereabouts. ” Editor’s Note: This story first appeared online at the LATimes. com. We reprint in part here.  Last night, Rolling Stone magazine published an interview with Joaquín ‘El Chapo’ Guzmán Loera, conducted by Hollywood actor Sean Penn. Mexican actress Kate del Castillo was also present at the meeting, which took place last September 28. Penn later made a detailed narration of the events for the magazine, and recalled a   conversation with the drug lord who was absolutely unapologetic and seemed very much at ease while talking to the actor. In addition, Guzmán also dedicated a video interview to del Castillo and Penn. Here are 10 revelations the kinpin told the actor: READ MORE  …     Thursday in South Carolina at the Politico event on the economy and the election, Gene Sperling, the former director of the National Economic Council under Presidents Bill Clinton and Barack Obama, slammed Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and declared he was “reaching the worst instincts in people. ”  Sperling said, “This is a person who is running a campaign that is appealing to the worst instincts in people. He has mocked a person with disabilities openly and then asked the person with disabilities to apologize for it. He has maligned Latino Americans calling them rapists. He has had the most   of religion position with Muslim. ” He added, “Bernie Sanders should not be mentioned in the same breath with him and either should Hillary Clinton. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN LONDON (Reuters)  —   Two men were arrested in London on Thursday on suspicion of being involved in terrorism, the British capital’s Metropolitan Police said in a statement. [advertisement A spokesman for the U. S. Department of State broke out laughing at a Thursday press conference after introducing the event as an exercise in “transparency” and democracy. [The spokesman referred to some Department interns in the back row, then tried to choke out a formality but just couldn’t do it.  Breitbart News has extensively reported on the State Department’s efforts to stonewall all of the various investigations into Hillary Clinton’s private email server and Benghazi.  Speaking at the Democratic National Convention, Dallas Texas Sheriff Lupe Valdez called for a moment of silence for fallen police officers. [“Please help me in honor of all the American fallen officers with a moment of silence,” she said.  “BLACK LIVES MATTER!” yelled a handful of delegates before Valdez introduced Jennifer Louden and Wayne Owens, family members of a fallen law officer. Watch below: Black Lives Matter protestors interrupt moment of silence at #DNCinPHL for fallen police officers pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) July 29, 2016,  Arizona Democratic Rep. Raul Grijalva, a Hillary Clinton supporter, thinks that the Clinton Foundation should be “cut off” due to the    scandal haunting Clinton’s campaign. [“We’ve got to get rid of extraneous issues and if this foundation is an extraneous issue that goes to the heart of whether it’s trust or transparency then get rid of it because there is so much on the table right now for the American people and for the future of this nation, that extraneous issues such as the foundation, if that is something that needs to be cut off then it should be cut off,” Grijalva said in an interview with MSNBC’s Tamron Hall.   GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s campaign is pulling an attack ad against Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) to replace it with a more positive message in South Carolina. [“Right now we are running a positive campaign for Mr. Trump,” Corey Lewandowski, Trump’s campaign manager told CNN.  CNN reports: The Trump campaign has relied almost exclusively on “earned media” coverage of his rallies on live television and   interviews to cable shows to build his name as a contender. But he bought time   against Cruz last month when the Texas senator emerged as a threat. The new positive spot features Trump supporters delivering testimonials supporting Trump’s message and lacks much of the negativity that has been a hallmark of Trump’s campaign. “We have a country that we’re proud of and we love and we’re not going to lose,” Trump states in the add that is titled, “Voters Speak. ” The Trump campaign may use the ad against Cruz in the future, CNN noted. SEMINOLE, Fla. (AP)  —   Staff at a Veterans Affairs hospital in Florida left the body of a veteran in a shower for nine hours after the veteran died and proper pickup procedures to the morgue weren’t followed.  The Tampa Bay Times on Sunday ( MIAMI (AP)  —   The U. S. has released nine more prisoners from its base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and sent them to Saudi Arabia for resettlement, officials said Saturday. [advertisement Monday night while campaigning in San Diego, CA, Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) went after his rival Donald Trump for complaining about the Colorado Republican presidential primary process.  Cruz said, “Look, what we know in California, whine is something best served with cheese. And Donald Trump has this very idea of Colorado, he has been on TV all day long saying Colorado was terrible. They stole the election. Donald Trump 65, 000 people voted in the state of Colorado. They just didn’t vote for you. They voted for our campaign. Or to put it more simply, Donald Trump, it ain’t stealing when the voters vote against you. It is the voters reclaiming this country and reclaiming sanity. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Brussels (AFP)  —   A terminally ill    has become the first minor to be euthanised in Belgium since age restrictions on such mercy killings in the country were lifted in 2014, it was learned Saturday. [advertisement Monday on CNN, former Obama White House official and CNN contributor Van Jones discussed the resurgence of Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) a candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination. According to Jones, the fact that Sanders remains viable in as a candidate shows there is a civil war within the Democratic Party.  “A civil war is breaking out in the Democratic Party,” Jones said. “This went from being, ‘Hey, you know, I don’t care about your emails, blah, blah, blah. We’re all going to play nice here.’ As this thing has gone on, what’s happened is Bernie Sanders should be out. In a normal situation, he would be out. Last month, he raised $  million. We’re in the middle of a second Sanders surge. And now both sides are getting frustrated with each other on everything. And so it shows up. It’s like a couple fighting over some total side issue. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor (AP) —  Pennsylvania’s secretary of state said Tuesday morning he wouldn’t be surprised if voter turnout topped 80 percent in the commonwealth. [Pedro Cortes expects about seven million of Pennsylvania’s 8. 7 million registered voters to participate.  He says the highest voter turnout since 1980 was in 1992, when 83 percent of Pennsylvania voters cast ballots in an election headlined by Democrat Bill Clinton and Republican President George Bush. Cortes also downplays concerns over voter fraud, saying: “I will never claim that elections in Pennsylvania or anywhere else are perfect, but they’re legitimate. ” Cortes has served from 2003 to 2010 under former Gov. Ed Rendell and since last year under Gov. Tom Wolf, both Democrats. Tuesday’s general election pitting Republican Donald Trump against Democrat Hillary Clinton will be the 19th overseen by Cortes, counting primary elections and   elections. Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is responding to President Barack Obama, who while overseas said foreign leaders are rattled by Trump. [“When you rattle someone, that’s good because many of the world, many of the countries in our world  …    have been absolutely abusing us and taking advantage of us,” Trump responded to Obama’s comment during a press conference in Bismarck, North Dakota. “If they’re rattled in a friendly way  …    that’s a good thing, not a bad thing. ”  “He is a man who shouldn’t be really airing his difficulties and he shouldn’t be airing what he’s airing where he is right now,” Trump added about the President. “He has not done a good job. ” “President Obama, you see what’s happened  …    we’re a divided country  …    we’re going to solve those problems,” the New Yorker vowed. This article was originally published by Business Insider:  Twitter appears to have removed the “blue tick” (or “blue check,” as it’s known in the US) from the @Nero account of Milo Yiannopoulos, a writer for the   news site Breitbart. The tick is a verification badge, which signifies that Twitter has proven the identity of the person holding the account. It is a valued symbol for people who use Twitter a lot and who are afraid they might be impersonated by bogus Twitter accounts. It is not clear why Twitter   Yiannopoulos, but BuzzFeed writer Alex Kantrowitz has a fantastic account of the controversy here. Read the rest of the article here. The three media moderators for the presidential debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton were announced today by the Commission on Presidential Debates. [The first debate will by moderated by NBC’s Lester Holt, followed by a team effort by CNN’s Anderson Cooper and ABC’s Martha Raddatz for the second townhall style debate.  Raddatz moderated the   debate between Paul Ryan and Joe Biden in 2012, despite reports that President Barack Obama had attended her wedding in 1991. “That had nothing to do with what I did at the debate. Nothing,” Raddatz later insisted to Breitbart News reporter Matthew Boyle. Finally, Fox News anchor Chris Wallace will moderate the third presidential debate. Leftists will likely protest the addition of a Fox News anchor with the selection of Wallace, although he recently interviewed Hillary Clinton on his Fox News Sunday Show. The   debate will be moderated by Elaine Quijano of CBS. Reuters  —   Hundreds of police including specialist commandos combed a residential area of the eastern German city of Chemnitz on Saturday for a man suspected of planning a bomb attack, after failing to find him in a raid on an apartment. [The deployment followed a   from the domestic intelligence service, though the “where, when, how and why” of the planned attack remained unclear, said Tom Bernhardt, spokesman for the Saxony state criminal investigation office.  Police found traces of explosives in the apartment in the   neighborhood, Bernhardt said. They asked local residents to remain indoors. “The   area is so wide that we can almost rule out a threat to the local population,” he said. Bernhardt said it was unclear how many suspects were involved or what the motive of the planned attack was. In late July, Islamic State claimed responsibility for attacks on a train near Wuerzburg and at a music festival in Ansbach which wounded 20 people. The Times of Israel reports: Hamas and other Palestinian terror groups on Saturday vowed a tough reaction to reported plans by Israel to build an underground cement barrier along the Gaza border. [The Hebrew daily newspaper Yedioth Ahronoth reported Thursday that security chiefs had decided to go ahead with a    project for a concrete wall above and far below the entire 60 kilometers of the   border in order to block Palestinians from digging their way into the country and carrying out attacks.  Senior Hamas official Ismail Radwan told the   news site   “The resistance is able to adapt to all circumstances for the sake of continuing its project to liberate [Palestine]. ” He official also claimed the reported plans were a sign of Israel’s “failure to face the tunnels,” and stressed that the procedures would “not limit the resistance’s ability to defend our people. ” Read more here HBO’s “Real Time” host Bill Maher stated “count me in for Ted Cruz” if he has to choose between him and fellow GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump on Friday.  Maher said, “[I]f I have to choose between Donald Trump or Ted Cruz, count me in for Ted Cruz. Donald  —   you know, why? I mean, it would be horrible, but it wouldn’t be as unpredictably horrible as Donald Trump. Donald Trump, literally this week said the words, ‘All I know is what’s on the Internet.’ I’m not kidding. This country is in big trouble if liberals don’t snap out of their reality world. All I know is what’s on the Internet? This guy is going to change America’s symbol from a bald eagle to a turtle f*cking a shoe. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Alexander Bolton at The Hill writes that Donald Trump needs the support of more white male voters than the polls currently indicate. [From The Hill:  Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump needs a surge of white   voters to beat Hillary Clinton in November. Clinton has significant leads over Trump among minority voters and women, and is handily defeating him with white   women. That puts pressure on Trump to win white men like no other candidate in recent history. Trump believes his     message will be popular with white,   voters in Pennsylvania and Ohio, and that it could help him compete in other Rust Belt states such as Michigan and Wisconsin. His electoral strategy revolves around winning Pennsylvania, something the Republican nominee hasn’t done since 1988. Michigan and Wisconsin have also been reliably Democratic states for decades. Trump would seem to face tough prospects. Read the rest of the story here. The Times of Israel reports: Reports have emerged that Islamic State enforcers lashed and crucified three people in Syria for breaking the Ramadan fast. [The people were said to have been held in cages for hours prior to receiving their punishments at the hands of IS’s Daesh   religious police last week.  Ramadan, which began two weeks ago, requires Muslims to fast from morning to nightfall for a month, eating and drinking only at night. Two people were flogged and then tied to crosses outside a police station in Mayadin, in the eastern Syrian province of Deir Ezzor, which lies around 50 miles from the Iraqi border, reports said. Another person suffered the same fate in the city of   on the banks of Euphrates River. “The three were crucified and handed 70 lashes after being caged for several hours,” said Jalal Ahmad, head of Justice for Life Observatory. Read more here. Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump tells supporters at a fundraiser for New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, “Who the hell cares if there’s a trade war?” with China. [“Here’s my trade deal,” Trump began. “My trade deal is very simple   …     I am going to make great deals for this country. That’s my trade deal. ”  “You can call it free trade  …    you can do whatever you want to call it,” he added. “It may be free, it may not be free. ” “Who the hell cares if there’s a trade war?” Trump questioned, adding that the U. S. has a “$500 billion [trade deficit with China] and they’re telling me about a trade war. ” “China will behave and China will be our friend,” Trump said  —   once he’s president. “They’re going to respect our country again. ” EXCLUSIVE: @realDonaldTrump reveals @newtgingrich is ”absolutely” on his short list for VPhttps:  .  On Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, a regular on the Fox News Channel, was on his “short list” for vice president.  “Sure, why not?” Trump said when asked about the possibility of Gingrich being his running mate. “He He is a good guy. You might as well. ” “Fox  Friends”   Steve Doocy asked who else was on that list, but Trump would only reveal Gingrich. “Well, I would like to tell you, but you know what?” he replied. “Newt is such a great supporter. He’s a tremendous guy   …     absolutely [he is on the list]. I’ll say yes, because he’s been such a supporter. Anybody that supports me is on the short list. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor The Algemeiner reports: JNS. org  —   Israeli actress Gal Gadot appeared on the Ellen Degeneres Show to promote the upcoming film Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, in which she plays Wonder Woman. [Gadot got the role of Wonder Woman in American director Zack Snyder’s movie, which also stars Ben Affleck and Henry Cavill, in 2013.  “Wonder Woman is arguably one of the most powerful female characters of all time and a fan favorite in the DC Universe. Not only is Gal an amazing actress, but she also has that magical quality that makes her perfect for the role. We look forward to audiences discovering Gal in the first feature film incarnation of this beloved character,” Snyder said in a statement after casting Gadot. Read more here UPDATE: On Tuesday’s broadcast of “The View,” Behar apologized for her comments.  During a discussion of the Clinton accusers who attended Sunday’s presidential debate on Monday’s broadcast of ABC’s “The View,”   Joy Behar suggested that Democrat presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton could have said, “I would like to apologize to those tramps that have slept with my husband. ” Behar stated, that “maybe” Hillary could have said, “I would like to apologize to those tramps that have slept with my husband. ” Behar later added that both Trump and Bill Clinton are “dogs. ” (  Daily Caller) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett The plants and zombies are having a good time as they prepare for   shooter Plants vs. Zombies Garden Warfare 2’s release on February 23. Actor Nicolas Cage put Mötley Crüe singer Vince Neil in a headlock on Thursday after Neil allegedly attacked a woman asking for an autograph. [According to TMZ, which obtained video of the incident, at around 5 p. m. at the Aria hotel in Las Vegas, a woman approached Cage for an autograph. Witnesses claimed Neil then allegedly got behind the woman  —   then pulled her to the ground by her hair.  Cage, 52, and Neil, 55, then got into a fight, law enforcement confirmed to TMZ. “I’m helping you,” Cage screams at the rocker, “Stop this s —   now!” The video, which reportedly only captured the end of the fight, shows Cage putting the singer in a headlock in front of the hotel. Cage also yells something inaudible at someone off camera. Both men appear heavily winded during an embrace at the clip. WATCH: A source told TMZ that Cage tried to calm and restrain Neil by taking him outside and forcing him to get in a car. Neil was reportedly cited for battery by police, but not arrested. Part of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s plan to appeal to New Yorkers in the upcoming primary is attacking the plans of one of their most controversial fellow citizens: Donald Trump. [In a new ad directed at New Yorkers, Clinton remarks on the diversity of the city of 20 million people.  “So when some say we can solve America’s problems by building walls  —   banning people based on their religion and turning against each other well, this is New York. And we know better,” she says.  Clinton doesn’t mention Trump by name, but the video highlights a Trump 2016 construction site sign. The primary is held April 4, but Clinton is making her way to Harlem today to campaign. An Emerson College poll of the state in March showed Clinton leading her Democratic rival Bernie Sanders by 48 points.   Donald Trump will select Goldman Sachs president  COO Gary Cohn to serve as National Economic Council Director in his administration, according to a report from CNBC. A Trump campaign spokesperson declined to confirm the news. [Cohn would be the first Trump appointee who currently works at the Wall Street bank that was bailed out by the federal government in 2008. He earned total compensation of $21 million from Goldman Sachs in 2015, according to TIME.  Trump’s team already has four people connected to the bank, although they left the firm before it was bailed out by Washington. Trump’s choice for Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin was a Goldman Sachs partner and spent 17 years at the bank before leaving in 2002. Trump adviser Anthony Scaramucci also worked for the bank for a period of time.  Former Breitbart Executive Chair Stephen K. Bannon, who is now Trump’s senior adviser, also worked for the bank in the 1980s.   Video shows bombing suspect Ahmad Rahami in custody in Linden, New Jersey. pic. twitter.   —   Eyewitness News (@ABC7NY) September 19, 2016,  #Breaking: Photo shows take down of NY, NJ bomb suspect in Linden, NJ Ahmad Rahami https:  . ? pic. twitter.   —   NBC10 Philadelphia (@NBCPhiladelphia) September 19, 2016,  On Thursday’s broadcast of CNN’s “The Lead,” CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen said that during her press conference earlier that day, Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton “didn’t really want to be there. ”  Gergen said, “What also struck me, Jake, about her appearance was how subdued she was with the press. I had the sense she didn’t really want to be there. But it also  —   you also had the sense, I did at least, that she’s still recovering. She didn’t bring that zest to today that she has, but she did aim a very   dart against Trump over that black woman pastor in Flint, and I think elevated that story so it will get more attention now in the national press in the next 24 hours. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett COPENHAGEN (AFP)  —   Danish police said Monday they found the bodies of a slain Syrian refugee and her two young daughters in a freezer in their apartment, as they launched a manhunt for the girls’ father. [The bodies of the    mother and her seven and    daughters were found inside a freezer in their apartment in the southern Danish town of Aabenraa after a concerned relative had not heard from them for days.  “Police went into the apartment and found the three bodies in a freezer,” local police said in a statement. “The victim’s husband and the father of the two children was not in the apartment, and we are actively searching for him,” the statement added. The Syrian family arrived in Denmark in 2015 and were granted refugee status. The Scandinavian nation welcomed 21, 000 migrants in 2015. The influx has significantly slowed since Denmark   border controls in early 2016. On Breitbart News Sunday on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125 from 7PM to 10PM EST, host and Breitbart News Chairman Stephen K. Bannon will discuss the surprise endorsement of Sen. Jeff Sessions for Donald Trump’s candidacy, as well as what this means for the state of the race going into Super Tuesday. [Special guests include Sen. Jeff Sessions, Roger Stone, and Sara Blackwell, the attorney representing the Disney workers displaced by   foreign replacements brought in on   visas.  Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   . The global political establishment is rolling out its big guns on the issue of Britain leaving the European Union and the migrant crisis today, with billionaire   donor George Soros, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and now U2 singer Bono chiming in on the two issues. [Writing in the New York Times today, Bono, who is due to testify in front of the U. S. House of Representatives later today on his views on the migrant crisis, said:    Listen to the discussion of this article on Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM:  On Tuesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “Situation Room,” Rep. Elijah Cummings ( ) said that he doesn’t “necessarily” think the Democratic Party should move away from identity politics, but that the party should “concentrate” on economic issues.  Cummings responded to a question on Senator Bernie Sanders’ statement that the Democratic Party should move away from identity politics by stating, “I think we need to  —   no, I don’t necessarily agree. I think we need to deal with economics. I think economics is very important, but I think that we need to still pay attention to so many people who have been left out of the system in one way or another. Just like what I just talked about with voting rights of certain segments of our population. I think we can do both. But we’ve got to concentrate on economics, because a lot of people are suffering, and   and Hispanics are suffering probably more than other parts of our communities. ” (  RCP) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett D’Angelo Russell may be persona non grata around his Lakers teammates. But one Laker WAG really appreciates him. [hmmm i see D Angelo Russell is trending  …     I actually liked his film. Thanks bro.  —   IGGY AZALEA (@IGGYAZALEA) March 30, 2016, The second pick in last year’s NBA draft surreptitiously recorded teammate Nick Young boasting of his sexual exploits. Young remains, at least at this point, engaged to Aussie rapper Iggy Azalea.  The phone video shot by Russell somehow made its way to a gossip website. The rookie’s teammates immediately began shunning him. ESPN reports that when Russell recently sat down next to Lou Williams in the locker room the veteran immediately walked away and at a breakfast meeting in Salt Lake City no Laker would sit at the rookie’s table. “It’s bad,” a team source told ESPN. “It’s about as bad as it can get. There were trust issues already. Now there’s no trust. ” Ms. Azalea knows the feeling. On Friday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” filmmaker Michael Moore stated that “millions” of people who voted for Obama changed their minds and voted for Trump, and “They’re not racists. ”  Moore said, “You have to accept that millions of people who voted for Barack Obama, some of them once, some of them twice, changed their minds this time. They’re not racists. They twice voted for a man whose middle name is Hussein. That’s the America we live in. ” He added, “But if you put people through another eight years where you have  —   there’s no middle class jobs, they’re struggling to get by, the basic things like  …    the price of a box of cereal doubles. These are the things that are important to people because they’re trying to get by, they’re living from paycheck to paycheck. ” (  Fox News Insider) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett A sketch during this week’s broadcast of NBC’s “Saturday Night Live” portrayed an election night watch party as some Democrats may have last Tuesday, given Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton was a heavy favorite.  The Clinton supporters in the sketch started the night feeling good about Clinton’s chances, but the hope dwindled as the night went on as it became apparent Donald Trump was going to win the presidency. SNL guest host Dave Chappelle and former show cast member Chris Rock each mocked the white Clinton supporters as they complained about Trump winning states. “Get some rest,” Rock said. “You’ve got a big day of moping and writing on Facebook tomorrow. ” Actor Beck Bennett’s character said, “This is the most shameful thing America has ever done,” which made Rock and Chappelle laugh hysterically. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  Brussels (AFP)  —   Israel will open a mission at NATO headquarters in Brussels as part of efforts to boost cooperation with the   alliance to counter extremist violence, top officials said Tuesday. [advertisement   Donald Trump spoke to the press on Wednesday outside his    estate, calling the terrorist attack in Berlin a “terrible” action that had to be stopped. [When asked by reporters about his ideas to ban Muslim immigration into the United States or create a Muslim registry, Trump replied, “You know my plans. ”  “All along, I’ve been proven to be right,” he continued. “100% correct. What’s happening is disgraceful. ” Trump spoke to the media as he met with several uniformed military officers. “Terrible. Terrible. What’s going on is terrible, terrible. In fact we have intelligence here right now but what’s going on is terrible. Terrible. Terrible. ” Trump revealed to reporters that he had spoken to President Barack Obama two days ago, but did not reveal the topic of their discussions. When asked about his statement about the attack being an attack on Christians, he replied, “It’s an attack on humanity. That’s what it is. An attack on humanity and it’s got to be stopped. ” A Florida Walmart is facing backlash over its    Coke display after a shopper posted a picture of the design to Twitter. [Shawn Richard tweeted a picture of the display, which showed the twin towers recreated with Coke Zero packages. The American flag in the background was made up of regular Coke, Diet Coke, and blue Sprite packages.  Twitter users immediately responded with angry retweets. “We stopped and stared at it like, oh my god,” Richard said, according to BuzzFeed News. “Nobody seemed to be noticing it, it wasn’t very crowded, and I got the feeling that it had just been assembled. So we took some pics and went on our way. ” Walmart removed the display Wednesday and issued an apology, according to Orlando Weekly. “We hold this moment in our country’s history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display, a Walmart spokesperson said to CBS News. The spokesperson also said Walmart approved the   display idea that was originally from Coke. An innocent Easter egg hunt in London turned into a police chase as children formed an arrow to show a police helicopter where to find burglary suspects.[  Two suspects broke into a nearby building and ran through the field where the kids hunted eggs. The kids heard the helicopter above them and formed the arrow to show the police where the men ran. “The children quickly formed an arrow on the ground in the middle of a plowed field to guide the helicopter in the direction of the fleeing pair,” said the police. “The helicopter crew relayed this information to officers on the ground and a short time later two men were arrested. ” The police arrested the two men “on suspicion of burglary. ” “I’m sure the last thing the group of daring Capel residents expected when they set out on Friday afternoon was to abandon their Easter egg hunt to assist us in a police search but the initiative they demonstrated proved to be invaluable,” said Sgt. Paul Sochon with the National Police Air. On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” when asked about Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on Saturday in Gettysburg, PA promising to sue the women who have alleged sexual misconduct against him, Trump’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said, “He’s just trying to defend himself against false accusers. ”  Conway said, “He’s just trying to defend himself against false accusers, as he says. He says those incidents never happened, yet they’re covered in the media every single day. He can’t get fair coverage. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN President Barack Obama and his former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton have   a campaign event together, after their first scheduled appearance together was canceled. [According to the Clinton campaign, the event will take place on July 5 in Charlotte, North Carolina.  “President Obama and Hillary Clinton will discuss building on the progress we’ve made and their vision for an America that is stronger together,” the campaign statement read. The first event was planned in June for Green Bay Wisconsin. It was canceled after the terrorist attack at a gay bar in Orlando, Florida. It took two weeks for both parties to reschedule. Clinton has spent time rallying with prominent Democrats as she prepares to accept the presidential nomination of her party in Cleveland. Earlier this week, she campaigned with Senator Elizabeth Warren in Ohio. Sunday on CBS’s ‘Face The Nation,” former chief strategist for Barack Obama’s presidential campaigns David Axelrod said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton doesn’t have a “core message. ”  When asked if a core message is still a challenge for Clinton’s campaign, Axelrod said, “Well, yeah, I think it is challenge for them, but it’s completely overridden by the things that Frank Luntz just talked about. Donald Trump has become the issue in this campaign. He has made himself that. He has made himself the center of discussion. And that has overwhelmed every other issue. So even though she’s going into this election with historically high liability in comparison to Donald Trump, she is doing quite well. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Breitbart Tech editor was briefly suspended on Twitter earlier today, and was informed about it live on air by Gavin McInnes. He proved to be completely unfazed by the incident, explaining that he had probably been mass reported by “Arabic Twitter. ” HBO’s “Real Time” host Bill Maher argued that guns are a vice “like drugs or alcohol” on Friday.  Maher stated that there are other weapons besides an   that can be used to commit mass shootings, and that the police won’t confiscate all the guns already in the US, he supports barring people on the   list from getting guns, and getting rid of the   because “it’s such a microcosm of what’s wrong with this country. No one will ever give an inch. You have so many thousands of guns available. do you have to have every one?” Maher later said of guns, “just admit they’re a vice, like drugs or alcohol or anything else, and that you don’t care that some people are going to get killed. Like drugs, if you say to me, some people are going to get hurt and killed by drugs, I would say that’s too bad, but I still want them. just admit it. Just don’t make it a virtue. It’s not a virtue. ” Maher did say during the segment that he does own a gun. Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Friday on MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports,” Sen. Amy Klobuchar ( ) said the questions surrounding Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s health were “quite sexist. ”  Klobuchar said, “Hillary Clinton has put out her medical records. I have seen her personally. You’ve seen her personally, Andrea. She is in shape. She is strong. She’s just has a ton of energy. And I find this actually quite sexist when these guys are saying this. I think that that is not an issue at all and the American voters know that. And the fact that she’s going to be out there again and she’s been out here for the whole year. I find that just such a  . ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN A Hillary Clinton aide derisively referred to campaign chairman John Podesta as part of the “Red Army” for supporting a $15 minimum wage, according to emails released by Wikileaks. [“John Podesta (and the Red Army) want to support $15! ,” Clinton aide Jake Sullivan wrote to Clinton friend and informal policy adviser Neera Tanden in April 2015.  “And when you say Red Army, you mean the base of the Democratic party, right? ,” Tanden replied with a smiley face. “Just want to be clear here. ” “Substantively, we have not supported $15  —   you will get a fair number of liberal economists who will say it will lose jobs,” Tanden explained. “Most of rest seems fine (obviously trade sticks out). Politically, we are not getting any pressure to join this from our end. I leave it to you guys to judge what that means for you. But I’m not sweating it. ” Clinton appears to support a $12 minimum wage but her campaign also praises local fights for $15. RIO DE JANEIRO (AP)  —   The German Olympic team says canoe slalom coach Stefan Henze has died from injuries sustained in a car crash last week. [The German team says Henze, who was 35 and won a silver medal in canoe slalom at the 2004 Athens Games, died surrounded by his family.  He underwent emergency surgery after the taxi accident on Friday. Germany will commemorate Henze’s death in the Olympic Village on Tuesday, and the country’s flag will be flown at   at all Olympic sites in Rio de Janeiro. IOC President Thomas Bach says the Olympic body “is mourning the loss of a true Olympian. Our sympathy is with the family of Stefan Henze, his friends and all of the German Olympic team. ” SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  —   Facebook is once again getting pushy about how people message one another. [advertisement Former President Bill Clinton stated that his wife his wife, Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, is held to “some different standards” in response to a question from MSNBC Political Reporter Alex   on whether Hillary is qualified to be president, and whether a man with her track record would face the same criticism broadcast on Friday’s “The Place for Politics 2016” on MSNBC.  During his report,   said that he asked Clinton about charges that Hillary is unqualified to be president, and whether a male candidate with Hillary’s experience would face the same charge. Clinton answered, “I think she’d be the best president, and I think it’s obvious by a country mile, and that’s all that matters to me. Yes, I think there are some different standards. Some of them are subconscious. ” (  Real Clear Politics) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP)  —   Bernie Sanders’ presidential campaign requested a recanvass in Kentucky’s presidential primary Tuesday, where he trails Hillary Clinton by less than   of 1 percent of the vote. [advertisement Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) said he would support Republican presidential   Donald Trump if he become the party’s nominee.  Ryan said, “So, do I agree or disagree with various candidates on various issues, of course I do. We’re individuals. But can we offer the country a really clear and compelling choice, it’s not divisive but inclusive, that’s inspirational, that’s  . I think we can do that. ” He continued, “This is primary season. What’s happen can right now are trying to distinguish themselves from the same party, from over same voters. primaries inevitably have this kind of friction, once you get to the primary. I think we unify conservative movement. We unify as a cause. we go out and we try to win converts. We try to get the country a clear choice. ” When host John Dickerson asked, “Will you support Donald Trump if he is the nominee?” Ryan replied, “Of course I will. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Donald Trump is set to speak at his   New York Military Academy tomorrow at 2pm. The event itself is closed to the public and is invite only. This article first appeared in The Hill:  SAN BERNARDINO, Calif.  —   Hillary Clinton went there. “We are trying to elect a president, not a dictator,” she said of presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump at a campaign rally here on Friday, just days before the California Democratic primary. After a day of ripping into Trump over his comments on immigration and his repeated insistence that an   judge would not treat him fairly because of his Mexican heritage, the comment was Clinton’s starkest yet. One day after delivering a   address in San Diego designed to paint Trump as unfit for the Oval Office, the former secretary of state   southern California, looking to close out her primary contest with Bernie Sanders while taking direct aim at her likely general election opponent. You can read the rest of the story here.   You can read the rest of the story here. Donald Trump lost one point and Hillary Clinton gained one point in the latest   Consult poll —  the first national survey after The Washington Post‘s story revealed Trump’s lewd comments in 2005. [In the latest poll taken Oct. 8, Trump received 38 percent support, while Clinton received 42 percent. In a previous poll taken Oct. 5 to Oct. 6, Clinton led Trump 41 percent to 39 percent.  The national survey was conducted through online interviews with 1, 549 registered voters. The results have a plus or minus three percent margin of error. The poll also revealed that 45 percent of voters surveyed said Trump should remain in the race, while 39 percent said he should drop out.   percent of Republican voters believe GOP leaders should stand by Trump. Nearly half, 48 percent, of those surveyed said they thought Trump’s lewd remarks reflect his views, while 40 percent believe it is locker room talk.   percent of the voters surveyed believe it is how most men speak in private. On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” veteran journalist Bob Woodward said of the Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump,”I have really no idea what he might do if he ever became president. ”  Woodward said, “No, I mean serious unanswered questions. But if  —   if I can step back just for a moment, I mean what’s going on here? What’s this all about with her and with Trump? In  —   in  —   in the case of Trump, I have really no idea what he might do if he ever became president. If you look at the statements, the proposals, the ideas, it’s a kind of a garage sale and I don’t know that there’s a Rembrandt behind that lawn mower that won’t start. But I haven’t seen it. And he has not communicated that. She has somewhat communicated what she would do. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Friday on MSNBC when asked about the thousands of emails released by WikiLeaks from a hack of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta, Rep. Shelia Jackson Lee ( ) mistakenly denounced the free online encyclopedia, Wikipedia, instead of WikiLeaks.  Jackson Lee said, “You know, I’m going to first of all denounce the utilization of this intrusion by Wikipedia through the Russian intrusion. This is what it’s about. Espionage just like what was said over these last couple of days. We need to be concerned about the intrusion of Russia and Putin in these elections. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Monday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Nicolle Wallace, the former communications chief for George W. Bush’s 2004   campaign and adviser for Sen. John McCain’s ( ) 2008 presidential bid suggested Republicans beyond social conservatives, particularly those with a focus on foreign policy, should consider Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton.  “The conversations happening in private with Republican, is that if you are not a social conservative there is less and less rationale for hardened opposition to Hillary Clinton. If you’re a social conservative there’s no way you get there, if you care about that bucket of social issues,   what not, you can’t make the leap to Hillary Clinton. But if foreign policy is how you vote, if that is your central concern, if   is what worries you, how do you not consider Hillary Clinton in November?” (  Newsbusters) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton returned to The Breakfast Club morning show to call for a national dance party to heal the nation. [“I think we need a big national dance,” she said during an appearance on the show, calling for America to “close the fun deficit. ”  “I’m sick of all this meanness,” she continued. “Why don’t these people who support my opponent go out and have fun dancing? You think they dance. ” Clinton recalled fondly the White House dance parties when Bill Clinton was president. “I love to dance,” she said. “And when we were at the White House and in years since, we’ve had a lot of dance parties just because I love the way people kind of lose themselves, right?”  From Ishaan Tharoor writing at The Washington Post:  Groups such as Bikers for Trump have sprung up as a kind of volunteer security force, bent on protecting the candidate and his supporters from leftist protesters. They are joined by other organizations, such as Lions of Trump, whose website quotes the fascist Italian dictator Benito Mussolini as inspiration. The phenomenon of biker gangs mixing with ultranationalism, of course, is not simply an American one. In fact, perhaps the most successful convergence of bikers and power politics can be found thousands of miles away in Russia, a putative adversary. President Vladimir Putin has for many years cultivated a muscular nationalism, beginning with his own   persona.   Russian nationalist biker gangs have flocked to Putin’s banner. Most famously, a   group known as the Night Wolves has comported itself as Putin’s   vanguard. Read the rest of the story at The Washington Post. Wednesday on Fox New Channels’ The Kelly File, anchor Megyn Kelly confirmed the reports of her meeting with Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump earlier in the day at Trump Towers.  Kelly said she was the one who requested the meeting and it allowed the pair to “clear the air. ” Kelly said, “Now to that other story. You may have heard that yours truly took a trip over to Trump Towers over on Fifth Avenue in New York City. The meeting was at my request, and Mr. Trump was gracious enough to agree to it. We met for about an hour, just the two of us, and had a chance to clear the air. Mr. Trump and I discussed the possibility of an interview, and I hope we will have news to announce on that soon. By the way in case you were wondering, yes the doormen appeared a bit stunned when I walked in, and they too were incredibly gracious. ”  Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Saturday on MSNBC, Democratic pollster Fernand Amandi reacted to GOP presidential   Donald Trump’s campaign rallies, saying that people are seeing his true message as “Make America White Again” rather than his actual slogan “Make America Great Again. ”  “I think a lot of people what they are saying is when they see these types of rallies, they see Donald Trump. Fundamentally, what is his message? ‘Make America Great Again’. I think the concern for some people is what he’s saying is ‘Make America White Again.’ That’s probably why you see these polarized reactions and this very passionate reaction,” Amandi told MSNBC’s Joy Reid. Amandi went on to compare Trump’s environments to George Wallace’s environments, saying that “he knows what he’s doing. ” “Donald Trump is not ‘Johnny come lately.’ He knows what he’s doing. He knows that he’s stroking certain passions. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich and Fox News have ended their contributor agreement, according to a statement released by Fox News. [“Fox News Channel has mutually agreed to suspend its contributor agreement with Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich effective immediately. Due to the intense media speculation about Gingrich’s potential selection as Donald Trump’s vice presidential candidate, we felt it best to halt his contributor role on the network to avoid all conflicts of interest that may arise. ”  Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is expected to announce his Vice Presidential pick this week. Dustin Stockton is a political reporter for Breitbart News, a community liaison for Gun Owners of America, and a political strategist. Follow him on Twitter @DustinStockton or  Facebook. Pollster and political analyst Pat Caddell told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Tuesday that the latest James O’Keefe video is “the last straw”of media bias in the 2016 campaign. [“Could you imagine if that was Corey Lewandowski and whatever other people on tape talking about how they were going to attack Hillary Clinton ralliers? And it gets no coverage whatsoever, just like barely the emails did. ”  Caddell asked, “Who owns this country —  the people for whom it was founded by their forefathers and mothers, or is this one run by the political class for the political class, and are we just effectively watching a coup d’etat? Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN:  ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP)  —   Supporters and opponents of Donald Trump clashed outside City Hall, and five people, including two little girls, were   by a demonstrator during the heated confrontation, police said. [advertisement Monday on ABC’s “The View,”   Joy Behar decried   Donald Trump’s criticism of the CIA for alleging the Russian government had acted to Trump’s benefit to influence the outcome of last month’s presidential election.  Behar suggested Trump step down as   before inauguration for the good of the country. “It’s like they are discrediting the CIA,” she said. “His campaign and he, the   of this country is discrediting the organization that basically protects us from foreign invasion, from, you know  —   isn’t it time for him to step down I mean, he has to step down before the inauguration, before they give him the nuclear codes. We are at risk when the president of the United States is fighting with the CIA. That is a terrible thing. ”  “Do we have to wait until the hammer and sickle is on the American flag until we stand up to this guy?” she added. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor At 5pm yesterday, Bill Kristol announced on Twitter that an “impressive” independent candidate “with a strong team and a real chance” of winning the presidency would be revealed. [Just a heads up over this holiday weekend: There will be an independent candidate —  an impressive one, with a strong team and a real chance.  —   Bill Kristol (@BillKristol) May 29, 2016,   We’ve provided our readers with a countdown clock chronicling the time  —   down to the second  —   since Kristol promised the nation an “impressive” independent candidate:  On the Friday broadcast of ESPN2’s “First Take,”   Stephen A. Smith accused the media of “literally trying to win the election for Hillary [Clinton]. ”  Fellow   Max Kellerman disputed Smith’s statement, calling it “outrageously opposite” of the fact. “You can say it’s outrageous all you want to. I thought that the way the coverage was going on, it was incredibly favorable to Hillary. Now, I’m on the record. I voted for Hillary,” Smith responded. Kellerman interrupted, saying that was “insane. ” Smith continued, “OK, that’s fine. You’ve got your opinion and I have mine. I thought it was   in terms of the coverage, and I watched it every night. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent     France, July 3 (Reuters)  —   Britain will face two key challenges, inflation and recession, after Britons voted to leave the European Union, or Brexit, European Central Bank Governing Council member Francois Villeroy de Galhau said on Sunday. [“In the short term there is a difficult challenge for the British economic and monetary policy between two contradictory challenges: there is the challenge of inflation, with the effects on inflation of the fall of the pound, which is down 11 percent since Brexit,” Villeroy told a business conference in    in southern France.  “And then there is recession challenge with the tendency to see less growth due to the uncertainty impact on investments. And it is always very complicated for monetary and economic policy to be caught in this dilemma. ” A western release still hasn’t been announced for MMORPG Dragon’s Dogma Online, but in the meantime you can check out this Japanes trailer for the game’s latest update. MLB Hall of Famer and former Chicago White Sox first baseman Frank Thomas weighed in on Tim Tebow’s baseball career, and “The Big Hurt” thinks Tebow, a Heisman winner at the University of Florida, is an even better baseball player than he was a football player.  “I think Tim Tebow was a better baseball player than he was a football player. I think Urban Meyer kept Tim Tebow from playing baseball at the University of Florida. He was a heck of a high school baseball player,” Thomas said. “Urban loves him and would not let him play college baseball. I think Tim Tebow’s a better baseball player than he was football player. ” Thomas added later in the interview that he believes Tebow will be able to make it to the big leagues one day. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  Republican presidential candidate Ohio Governor John Kasich expressed his desire to give Medicaid and education responsibilities to the state and the federal government to stop hiring new people on Wednesday’s “Sean Hannity Show. ”  Kasich, while discussing balancing the budget, said, “I want to ship welfare, job training, infrastructure, education, and Medicaid all out of Washington. And I want the federal government  —   no more  —   don’t hire any new employees, if somebody retires, you don’t replace them. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett During Saturday’s game against the Arizona Diamondbacks, San Francisco Giants pitcher Jake Peavy turned to argue with an umpire after a pitch.  Giants catcher Buster Posey tossed the ball back to the mound at the same time Peavy turned his head, and the ball landed perfectly in Peavy’s glove. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent This story appeared in The Hill: Bernie Sanders on Saturday reiterated his vow to keep campaigning all the way to Democratic National Convention, regardless of how the rest of the primaries turn out. Hillary Clinton will not have the requisite number of pledged delegates to win the Democratic nomination at the end of the nominating process on June 14,” Sanders told reporters in Los Angeles Saturday, according to CNN. “Won’t happen. She will be dependent on superdelegates. ” “The Democratic National Convention will be a contested convention,” he said. Sanders criticized the media for accounting for superdelegates when talking about Clinton’s lead in the race, saying that their backing of a candidate is fluid and those who support Clinton now have six weeks before they actually cast their votes. Six people were run down and injured by an escaped bull in Texas after the beast broke free from a veterinary clinic. The incident occurred south of Fort Worth in the Alvarado. The bull was put down by authorities.   The matter was first reported by Fox4News. com and they wrote: It hurt a total of six people. One man ended up in crutches and another was at the wrong end of the horns. “He started coming towards me. And I turned. And as I turned he hit me right here  …     took me down. And that’s all I remember,” Frank Ludovico, Jr. said. WASHINGTON (AP)  —   Ted Cruz embraced Jeb Bush’s endorsement on Wednesday and claimed he could build a broad coalition capable of beating Hillary Clinton in the fall  —   if only he can climb past the surging Republican presidential   Donald Trump. [advertisement Friday in Altoona, PA, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said the only way he will lose this November in Pennsylvania is “if cheating goes on. ”  Trump said, “The only way we can lose, in my opinion, I really mean this, Pennsylvania, is if cheating goes on. I really believe it. ” He added, “That’s the way we could lose the state. We have to call up law enforcement, and we have to have the sheriffs and the police chiefs, everybody watching, because if we get cheated out of this election,  if we get cheated out of a win in Pennsylvania, which is such a vital state  —   especially when I know what’s happening here folks. She can’t beat what’s happening here. The only way they can beat it, in my opinion, and I mean this 100 percent, is if in certain sections of the state, they cheat. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) has launched a     that is set to air across South Carolina, which accuses Trump of “a pattern of sleaze stretching back decades. ”[The ad targets Trump’s character, accusing him of hurting the little guy for his personal gain. The ad centers around a widow, Vera Coking, who had a home in Atlantic City, N. J. which the ad describes as “the only thing she had left. ”  The ad then says that, “Trump wanted Coking’s house   …     to park limousines for his casino. ” “So Trump schemed with Atlantic City government to force Coking from her home using eminent domain,” the ad says. The ad concludes, “Trump uses power for personal gain. Imagine the damage he could do as president. ”  .@JimBrownNFL32 meets with #Trump, tells @brookebcnn: ”He got my admiration because no one gave him a chance” https:  .  NFL Hall of Famer Jim Brown discussed his Tuesday meeting with Donald Trump, saying he “fell in love” with the   over his plans to help the black community.  “[I] fell in love with [Trump] because he really talks about helping   black people, and that’s why I’m here,” he told CNN’s Brooke Baldwin Tuesday. “When he goes through what he went through to become the president, he got my admiration,” added Brown. “No one gave him a chance. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Former President George W. Bush issued a statement in reaction to the death of Justice Antonin Scalia from his ranch:[Laura and I mourn the death of a brilliant jurist and important American, Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. He was a towering figure and important judge on our Nation’s highest court. He brought intellect, good judgement, and wit to the bench, and he will be missed by his colleagues and our country. Laura and I send our heartfelt sympathies and condolences to his wife, Maureen, their nine children, and the entire Scalia family. Wednesday on his Fox Sports Radio show “Outkick the Coverage,” Clay Travis responded to San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick saying his national anthem protests have made “an impact on a lot of people’s lives. ”  Travis, who said he agrees with Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg that the protests are “dumb and disrespectful,” called the   49ers starting quarterback “absurdly delusional” to believe he made an impact with his protest. “He believes that kneeling is having a huge impact on a lot of people’s lives?” Travis stated. “All he’s doing is demonstrating how little he actually understands how the world works. I just find this guy to be totally unlikable, thoroughly unintelligent and absurdly delusional in his belief that ‘taking a knee is having an impact on a lot of people’s lives.’ I agree with Ruth Bader Ginsburg. It’s dumb and disrespectful. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  On Friday at 7 p. m. ET,   Donald Trump will pay a visit to Grand Rapids, MI’s Deltaplex Arena as part of his USA Thank You Tour 2016.  Video courtesy of Right Side Broadcasting Network, Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo A billboard in St. Augustine, FL is bothering passersby so much that there is now a petition for its removal, per a report by First Coast News.  The billboard reads “Islam Bloody Islam Doomed by Its Doctrine!” and the petition to remove it has already gained over 2, 000 signatures. The petition was created by local resident Becky Williams, who wrote: “We should always stand up for those in our community who are shown hatred and intolerance. We should be outraged that a billboard with this message could in any way represent our community as a whole. It is of the utmost importance that we stand against messages and movements that isolate, judge and threaten an entire sect of people who share our same hometown. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  A Brazilian man was arrested on Sunday evening after he tried to extinguish the Olympic flame by throwing a bucket of water on it.  Marcelino Mateus Silva Proenca missed the torch and instead doused the torch bearer and the security guards surrounding him. Proenca was standing on the sidewalk when he tried to extinguish the torch. Proenca told Brazilian police that he was acting on a dare. Last week, Proenca reportedly posted a photo on his Facebook page “of a man holding a bucket with a caption that read: ‘Waiting for the torch to pass. ’” (function( d, s, id)  (document, ’script  ’)) ARE THE   WHO PUSHED THIS CRAP FOR DAYS HAPPY NOW? (Such intrepid reporting, lol.) Let’s hope there’s serious backlash. Posted by Mark Levin on Friday, January 8, 2016 After Donald Trump coined the nickname “crooked Hillary” for Democrat frontrunner Hillary Clinton, she appears to have come up with a nickname for him, the “presumptuous nominee. ”[“Their presumptive nominee, otherwise called their presumptuous nominee,” Clinton said, referring to Republicans, “has made it really clear he basically said wages are too high in America. And that’s why he doesn’t think we need to raise the minimum wage. And I gotta tell you I ask myself all the time, who he is talking to?”  Clinton made her comment on Friday to a crowd while campaigning in Oakland, California, according to ABC News. Clinton has also called Trump a “loose cannon. ” “Donald Trump turns around and says, ‘Oh I don’t care if other countries get nuclear weapons,’” Clinton stated on Thursday while campaigning in Los Angeles. “That is the kind of risk this country cannot afford to take. That is dangerous, that’s like a loose cannon that we cannot afford, right?” Friday at a campaign rally in Harrington, DE, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said that some in the American media are “the world’s most dishonest people. ”  Trump said, “You know we have a great time considering the subject matter is no good. Right? But when we say —  look at all those hats, right? —  ”Make America Great Again. ” When we say that —  you know somebody, a reporter —  by the way the world’s most dishonest people are back there. Look at all the cameras going. Look at all those cameras. It’s unbelievable. They are dishonest. Most of them. Not all of them. But Most of them. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Friday on CNN’s “The Lead,” as police were still searching for the gunman who opened fire at several locations in and near the Olympia shopping mall in Munich, Germany, CNN aired a dramatic interview of the eyewitness account of a mother inside the McDonald’s who heard the shooter scream “Allahu Akbar!” and saw him targeting children.  The woman called Loretta for her safety, who was inches away from the gunman when he emerged from the men’s bathroom in McDonald’s, said, “My son saw in the toilet, the man loading his gun. It was a pistol. I come out of the toilet and I hear the  —   like an alarm boom boom boom. He is killing the children. They make nothing. They were sitting to eat. They can’t run. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN An explosion this morning in New York City’s Central Park reportedly injured one man who either lost his leg or will need an amputation, given conflicting witness reports.[  Just saw someone blow their leg completely off with a fire work #welcometonewyork,  —   Maura Davis (@davis_maura) July 3, 2016,   There was a big ass boom in Central Park just now,  —   Givenchy (@Angelface___) July 3, 2016,  3 friends were climbing on rocks in Central Park. 1 landed on something that caused small explosion. He was taken to hospital   leg wounds.  —   Magdalena Doris (@MagdalenaDoris) July 3, 2016,  #NYPD investigate: a young man steps into some sort of device and injures left foot in Central Park. pic. twitter.   —   Edgar Sandoval (@edjsandoval) July 3, 2016,  From the Daily Mail: A man had his foot blown up in an explosion which took place in Central Park this morning. Philadelphia Eagles long snapper Jon Dorenbos is a   veteran and    .  On Tuesday’s “America’s Got Talent” on NBC, he showed he may have a bright future ahead in the world of magic. Dorenbos has been practicing magic since he was    and performs in the offseason. He reportedly turned to magic to help cope after his father was convicted of murdering his mother. “The NFL stands for Not For Long,” Dorenbos told the judges. “You always got to have to have a backup plan. This is a pretty good one. ” Dorenbos then performed his card trick which left the show’s judges stunned. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent AMHERST, Wis. (AP)  —   Disorderly conduct charges are pending against a woman who authorities say smeared peanut butter on 30 vehicles outside a gathering in central Wisconsin that she mistakenly thought was a Donald Trump rally. [advertisement A person posted “We did it. #NeverTrump” from the Colorado GOP’s Twitter account minutes after Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) swept 34 Colorado delegates on Saturday. [According to ABC 7, the tweet was quickly deleted and a subsequent tweet said that the previous one had been posted by a person “with unauthorized access to our account. ”  The last tweet was the result of unauthorized access to our account and in no way represents the opinion of the party. We are investigating.  —   The Colorado GOP (@cologop) April 10, 2016,  “We are doing an investigation right now to find out how it got out because we would never do that,” stated Colorado Republican Party Chairman Steve House. “There’s no point in trying to disenfranchise a campaign [Donald Trump’s] that we supported while they were here, and there’s no way anybody on my staff  —   certainly not me  —   would ever put that out. ” The Fraternal Order of Police endorsed Donald Trump for president of the United States on Friday. [National President of the Fraternal Order of Police  Chuck Canterbury stated, “Obviously, this is an unusual election. ”  He continued: We have a candidate who decline to seek an endorsement and a candidate without any record as an elected official. Mr. Trump, however, has seriously looked at the issues facing law enforcement today. He understands and supports our priorities and our members believe he will make America safe again. The members have spoken, we have endorsed the @realDonaldTrump for President.  #FOPforTrump pic. twitter.   —   National FOP (@GLFOP) September 16, 2016,  A   majority vote of the National board is required for an endorsement from the Fraternal Order of Police. It’s America’s largest law enforcement organization and has more than 330, 000 members. BEIJING (AP)  —   Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg held a rare meeting with China’s propaganda chief, at a time when Chinese authorities are tightening control over their cyberspace. [advertisement On Monday’s broadcast of the Fox Business Network’s “Varney  Co. ,” Pinal County, AZ Sheriff Paul Babeu (R) stated that   Donald Trump’s plan to deport illegal immigrants with criminal records “couldn’t be a greater Christmas present, not just for the people of Arizona, but all Americans, and those of us in serve in law enforcement, because law and order’s about to be restored. ”  Babeu said, “Well, this couldn’t be a greater Christmas present, not just for the people of Arizona, but all Americans, and those of us in serve in law enforcement, because law and order’s about to be restored. When we have 820, 000 criminals, and this number, Stuart, reflects 84% of them are convicted felons, these are dangerous criminals. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett During Connecticut’s April 26 primaries,   Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump received more votes in Newtown than   Hillary Clinton. [Newtown, where Sandy Hook Elementary School is located, became the epicenter of the gun control movement following Adam Lanza’s heinous December 2012 attack on the school.  According to the Newtown Patch,   Trump received “1, 564 votes” from Newtown voters, while   Clinton received “1, 362 votes. ” Statewide, Trump beat his fellow Republican contenders handily by winning “58. 27 percent” of the Republican primary votes. Clinton beat Bernie Sanders in a closer race by winning just more than 51 percent of the Democratic primary votes. Sanders garnered “47. 15 percent” of the primary votes. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com. Originally posted to Mark Levin’s Facebook page: Either cut the crap  —   your accusations this morning that Cruz is Canadian, a criminal, owned by big banks, etc. (see link below)  —   or you will lose lots and lots of conservatives. Save the liberal New York City bully tactics for the New York City liberals. Put down your computer keyboard for a few hours, think before you tweet, and collect yourself. You’re not politically invincible, regardless of the polls and media. I am already hearing more and more people getting fed up with the low road you’re taking against Cruz, which has obviously intensified this morning. You don’t need to attack his honor or attempt to smear his reputation. You can leave that to Mitch McConnell and the New York Times. Engage on real and substantive issues that matter to the country. Like I said, my friendly advice. A search by authorities of a home in Miami, FL found found millions of dollars stashed inside buckets hidden in walls, as well as drugs and a gun, per a WGNTV report.  Luis   44, and his sister, Salma Gonzalez, 32, were arrested in connection with a drug bust between the Miami home and  ’s business. Authorities found between $10 million and $20 million in cash stashed in a hidden room behind the dry wall, accessible only through the home’s attic. A search of  ’s gardening equipment business in Miami found $180, 000 in cash and two types of marijuana labeled “Super Skunk” and “Chernobyl,” police report.   faces drug trafficking and money laundering charges, while his sister faces marijuana possession and trafficking charges. According to   Police, this the largest cash seizure in the department’s history. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Sunday on NBC’s meet the Press,” in commenting on the gun control push in the wake of the Orlando, FL mass shooting terror attack last weekend, Attorney General Loretta Lynch argued to have the “tools” to stop those from obtaining guns “who should not have them. ”  Lynch said, “We’re extremely grateful that in crafting this legislation, Congress took into account those concerns that the director expressed more than a year ago. Obviously we want to be able to have the tools we need to stop individuals from obtaining guns who should not have them. But we also need to have a process, consistent with the law, to protect ongoing investigations and protect sensitive matters. And this amendment does give the department of justice both of those tools. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN While reacting to concerns about the immigration status of GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump’s wife, Melania Trump, Democratic strategist Simon Rosenberg said that being an illegal immigrant is not a crime in the United States.  “The truth is, we don’t know what happened,” Rosenberg said. “They have to release the immigration file. It’s the only way we’re really going to know, but based on what we know, it is possible that what she has done is far worse that what an undocumented immigrant does. Being undocumented in the U. S. is not a crime. What she has done could be a felony. She could lose her citizenship. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Lord Saladin calls on the Guardians to take up the mantle of the Iron Lords in Destiny: Rise of Iron, the next expansion for Bungie’s     shooter. CLEVELAND, Ohio  —   Senator Ted Cruz’s wife Heidi was escorted out of the Republican convention in Cleveland by security after Cruz refused to endorse Donald Trump from the stage. [The   showdown was one of the more dramatic confrontations in GOP convention history. So dramatic in fact that Heidi had to flee the premises amid taunts.  . @mkraju reports Heidi Cruz escorted out by security as crowd gets very angry heckled by Trump supporters yelling ”Goldman Sachs!”  —   Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) July 21, 2016,  Trump allowed Cruz to speak at the convention, but Cruz’s   garnered boos from the delegates on the floor. While Cruz was still onstage, Trump made a grand entrance to the floor, motioning to an ecstatic crowd. Cruz laughed awkwardly and walked off the stage. It is unclear at this time how much damage this showdown will do to Cruz’s political career. Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee is reportedly   Donald Trump’s pick for ambassador to Israel. [Yahoo News, citing The Jerusalem Post, reports several members on the  ’s transition team say Huckabee will take the post as ambassador to Israel for the Trump administration.  Hogan Gidley, who served as Huckabee’s communications director and is still close to the former Arkansas governor, previously told Breitbart News that Huckabee was under consideration for a number of possible positions in the new administration. Gidley did not respond to Breitbart News’s inquiry about the ambassador to Israel position. Huckabee is friends with Israel’s Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and has visited Israel a number of times since he was   . Fox News reports Huckabee will meet with Trump on Friday. Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” former presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s proposals of a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States or mass deportation of undocumented immigrants living and working in America are not going to happen.  Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN In Eddie Murphy’s comedy classic Coming to America, the barbers at the    barbershop discuss Cassius Clay changing his name to Muhammad Ali. [“He gonna always be Clay to me,” says Lawrence, played by Murphy. “I don’t give a f**k what he change his name to. He is Clay! He Clay to me. I say Clay. ”   Christopher Ruddy, the CEO and editor of Newsmax, writes that “Jeb Bush deserves a second look. ”[From Newsmax:  There’s a reason Florida is one of the most desired places to live: it’s Jeb Bush. There is a reason that Florida is a strong,   state: Jeb Bush. There is even a reason Marco Rubio is running for president today: Yep, Jeb again. As New Hampshire voters come down to the wire, I think Republican voters there and across the country need to take a serious, second look at Jeb. While I think we have a remarkable field  —   from a brilliant businessman like Donald Trump, a conservative champion like Carly Fiorina, a charismatic Rubio, and respected governors like Chris Christie and John Kasich, Jeb may fit the bill of what Americans want this November. Read the rest of the article here. .@TuckerCarlson: The entire democratic party believes middle America is ’deplorable’ not just Hillary Clinton pic. twitter.  Monday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” weekend host and network commentator Tucker Carlson advised viewers that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s perception of Americans was just her world view, but that of everyone in her “orbit. ”  “Her expression of contempt for the middle of the country is commonplace in the world she lives in, the world he lives in, frankly the world I live in here in Washington,” Carlson said. “This is what the elites believe. This is a very common view and I really hope our viewers don’t come away thinking only Hillary Clinton believes this. Everyone in her orbit believes it. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is scheduled to be in Washington, D. C. on Sunday to attend the Memorial Day event with Rolling Thunder. [“I am doing it in honor of the great bikers who have been totally supportive of my campaign, and now I want to be supportive of them,” Trump told Bloomberg Politics. “I look forward to it!”  “The bikers love Trump,” Trump touted previously on the campaign trail. “I’m not a huge biker. I have to be honest with you, okay? I always liked the limo better. ” The “Ride for Freedom” intends to raise awareness for American Prisoners of War and warriors who are currently Missing in Action, according to USA Today. Trump is scheduled to speak at the event Sunday afternoon. Sunday on Fox News Channel’s “Sunday Morning Futures with Maria Bartiromo,” Republican presidential  candidate Dr. Ben Carson said of his rival Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) “what does this tell you about a person? If they will allow a campaign in which people clearly do things that are underhanded. ”  When Bartiromo asked Carson if he accepted Cruz’s apology for his campaign falsely claiming Carson was dropping out of the presidential race during the Iowa caucus Carson said, “Of course I accept the apology,” Carson said. “I think what has to be looked at is, what does this tell you about a person? If they will allow a campaign in which people clearly do things that are underhanded, and if you accept that, what does that say you will do as president? So I think it should be a moment of enlightenment for people. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN advertisement CNN Correspondent Tom Foreman declared that 2015 presented “the best argument yet for addressing global climate change” during CNN’s “All the Best, All the Worst 2015” special.  Foreman said, during a segment on severe weather in 2016, “By November, 2015 was shaping up to be the warmest year on record. And the best argument yet for addressing global climate change. ” Before a clip of HLN host Robin Meade stating, “And didn’t the pope talk about it even?” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett (CNN) Several items of US military equipment displayed by ISIS in photos published over the weekend likely was either found or captured after recent battles in eastern Afghanistan, according to a senior defense official. On the Thursday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM EST, host and Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon will discuss the big debate in Miami, as the GOP race for the White House approaches the crucial    races next Tuesday. [Special guests include former UN ambassador John Bolton and former Oklahoma senator Tom Coburn.  Rick Manning, President of Americans for Limited Government, will discuss an important new poll on voter attitudes about American trade policy. Lee Edwards, author of the important new book A Brief History of the Cold War, will discuss Nancy Reagan and the end of the Cold War. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. Sirius XM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   . The Jerusalem Post reports: Syrian government forces backed by heavy Russian air support drove Islamic State out of Palmyra on Sunday, inflicting what the army called a mortal blow to militants who seized the city last year and dynamited its ancient temples. [The loss of Palmyra represents one of the biggest setbacks for the   Islamist group since it declared a caliphate in 2014 across large parts of Syria and Iraq.  Russian state TV channel   showed recent drone footage of the ancient ruins of Palmyra as Syrian soldiers recaptured the old citadel of the city. The army general command said that its forces took over the city with support from Russian and Syrian air strikes, opening up the huge expanse of desert leading east to the Islamic State strongholds of Raqqa and Deir  . Read more here advertisement (AP) Major U. S. stock indexes moved higher in afternoon trading Wednesday as Wall Street sized up the implications of Donald Trump’s stunning presidential election victory. [advertisement Speaker of the House Paul Ryan says he’ll meet with Donald Trump next week at the Republican National Committee office in Washington, D. C.[Ryan released the following statement on Friday:  Having both said we need to unify the party, Speaker Ryan has invited Donald Trump to meet with members of the House Republican leadership in Washington on Thursday morning to begin a discussion about the kind of Republican principles and ideas that can win the support of the American people this November. The Speaker and Mr. Trump will also meet separately, along with RNC Chairman Reince Priebus. The meeting comes after Ryan made headlines by saying he isn’t ready to support Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee. Ryan made the comment during an interview on CNN on Thursday. Jordain Carney of The Hill reports on a national poll in which Hillary Clinton’s lead over Donald Trump has narrowed to five points:[From The Hill:  Hillary Clinton’s lead over Donald Trump has narrowed to single digits in a new national poll. Clinton tops her likely general election rival by 5 points, 45. 6 to 40. 4 percent, in the USA   University poll released on Monday. Two months ago, Clinton led the businessman by double digits, 50 to 39 percent, in that poll. Including Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson and Green Party candidate Jill Stein as potential options drops Clinton’s lead over Trump to 4 points, 39 percent to 35 percent. Monday’s poll comes as both Clinton and Trump have solidified their standing as their parties’ presumptive nominees despite their    favorability ratings. Read the rest of the story here. From the NY Post:  Donald Trump is a rookie candidate  —   a potential superstar of vast promise, but making rookie mistakes. The nominee Republicans need for the fall campaign is often hard to make out amid his improvisations and   replies to his critics. New Yorkers vote Tuesday. What to do? Here’s how we see it. Should he win the nomination, we expect Trump to pivot  —   not just on the issues, but in his manner. The   Trump needs to be more presidential: better informed on policy, more   and less  . Yet the promise is clearly there in the rookie who is, after all, leading the field as the finals near. Trump has electrified the public, drawing millions of new voters to the polls and inspiring people who’d given up on ever again having a candidate who’d fight for them. That’s the work of the Donald Trump we know  —   a New Yorker, born and bred. You can read the rest of the story here. Administrators at the University of   released a statement claiming that their controversial course entitled “The Problem with Whiteness” was not designed to be offensive. [In response to complaints that the course’s title was offensive, the University of Wisconsin released a statement to reduce concerns by clarifying the that the course is a “challenge and response to racism of all kinds. ”  “We believe this course, which is one of thousands offered at our university, will benefit students who are interested in developing a deeper understanding of race issues,” the statement reads. “The course is a challenge and response to racism of all kinds. ” Although the course meets the ethnic studies requirement at the University of Wisconsin, Madison, this particular course is not mandatory. The statement stresses that students that participate in this course will do so voluntarily. TMZ Sports spoke with former star NFL running back Herschel Walker, who said he still thinks free agent quarterbacks and fellow former Heisman winners Robert Griffin III and Johnny Manziel can play in the league.  Griffin has struggled with his health and did not dress out for the Washington Redskins in 2015, while Manziel has struggled with issues off the football field. “I know RG3 can play,” Walker said. “RG3 just gotta find a team that’s gonna believe in him. ” He also said Manziel needs to figure out if football is his real passion. “I feel Johnny can play as well. I think Johnny just needs to decide what exactly he wants to do,” Walker added. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent The New York Times frets about Donald Trump “threatening U. S. rule of law” as those who oppose Trump are escalating their violence against regular people at his rallies. The   blog Vox. com has admitted this type of rhetoric inspires Hispanics in America to commit violence. [From the New York Times: advertisement Obama wept. [America is forced to weep over Obama’s release of violent criminals into our communities  —   like the 121 illegal aliens who committed murders after they were released from custody by the Obama administration instead of being deported. And that doesn’t take into account the others we don’t know about.  The whole world weeps waiting for American leadership in these troubled times as Islamic savages commit genocide against the Christians of the Middle East and terrorize innocent people in cities across the globe. Meanwhile, Obama wept as he blamed   patriots for the nation’s insecurity and sought to strip them of the Constitutional rights that generations of Americans shed blood to protect. Obama wept, while we all continue to weep for our country and the civilized world.  OO. ready( function()  ) }) Congressman Darrell Issa ( ) chairman of the House Oversight Committee, talked with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon about President Barack Obama’s willful disregard for the law as president and the FBI’s decision not to charge Hillary Clinton for her actions involving top secret emails. [Issa said:  We are in a crisis because Hillary Clinton, if the voters do not stop her, will be the next President of the United States. She will, in fact, on Day One say, “Pardon me,” and she’ll mean it. She’ll have pardoned herself. She will have, in fact, gone from being a criminal involved in a criminal enterprise  —   obviously, Clinton Cash depicted that  —   and somebody who flaunted the security laws, the privacy laws, the presidential and the Federal Records Act, and gotten away with it. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.  Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” ESPN commentator L. Z. Granderson said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was not “serious” about getting the black vote because one of his campaign surrogates is Omarosa Manigault, who was a contestant on the first season of “The Apprentice. ”  Partial transcript as follows: GRANDERSON: I think his ceiling, though, is basically a demographic that we can easily identify, which is how many heterosexual white men without college education are there in the country? Because for the most part, that’s where his message has been targeting towards. He may get some other outside groups that are  —   KARL: Well, he’ll get a few other votes. (CROSSTALK) GRANDERSON: But if you bring in Omarosa, you aren’t serious about trying to get the black vote, right? I mean that’s not helping your policy. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN TAMPA, Florida (AP)  —   Just when Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio needs them the most,   contributors from the party’s wealthy main stream are having second thoughts about his future in the 2016 race. [advertisement American Urban Radio Networks White House Correspondent and Washington Bureau Chief April Ryan stated that the blocking of Supreme Court nominee Judge Merrick Garland is “blacklash” and “some on the Hill” don’t like that the first black president is in the White House on Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Hardball. ”  Ryan was asked by host Chris Matthews, “I think  —   do you think people look at this as another one of those boots in the face to the president, on the racial front? First of all, he’s a birther, he’s not legitimate, now we’re not going to give him a chance to name a supreme court nominee. ” Ryan responded, “Of course, yeah. I call it blacklash. He is the first black president, and there’s a segment of society, and even some on the Hill, who don’t like the fact that he is there, and he’s almost finished his term, and they don’t want him to have a legacy piece. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett During this week’s “Saturday Night Live” cold open, Alec Baldwin as   Donald Trump and Kate McKinnon as Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway took shots at the actual Trump for his “Thank You” tour and tweeting out “unpresidented” instead of “unprecedented. ”  Beck Bennett playing Vladimir Putin entered through the chimney dressed as Santa Claus, and John Goodman later came in as Trump Secretary of State pick Rex Tillerson. Bennett’s Putin got in a few Russian hacking references, even putting an Elf on the Shelf with a recorder on the mantle. “Tillerson” and “Putin” caught up and discussed business plans in Russia. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent GOP frontrunner Donald Trump, who is boycotting the Fox News GOP debate tonight, says two candidates have called and want to attend the event for veterans that Trump is holding instead. [Trump posted on Twitter:  Wow, two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University.  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 28, 2016,  Trump added: The “debate” tonight will be a total disaster  —   low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this.  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 28, 2016,  Trump decided to not attend the GOP primary debate hosted by Fox News after the network wouldn’t remove Megyn Kelly as a debate moderator. Trump said Kelly has been unfair to him in a past debate. Trump also said a “wise guy” press release from Fox News also made him decide to boycott the debate and hold a fundraising event for veterans instead. In a Meet the Press panel discussion of Saturday night’s Republican presidential debate, NBC included Breitbart News alongside the New York Times and Washington Post in a graphic showing the pulse of media reactions to the debate.[  Host Chuck Todd reinforced the point by reading the headlines aloud: “Look at these headlines. New York Times: ‘GOP rivals jab at Rubio to try to slow his rise.’ Washington Post: ‘Rubio endures an assault in a rollicking GOP debate.’ Breitbart: ‘Rubio rattled.’ The Boston Herald this morning. I don’t have that out I wish I could hold it up: ‘Choke’ with Rubio. ” Boston Herald front page February 7, 2016 https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Boston Herald (@bostonherald) February 7, 2016,  The Washington Post recently profiled Breitbart News as “a dominant voice in conservative media” with 17 million unique readers in December 2015. On the February 3 Breitbart News Daily show on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM EST, host and Breitbart News eecutive chairman Stephen K. Bannon will interview a number of guests, including former Republican House Speaker Newt Gingrich, and former associate political director in the Reagan administration Jeffrey Lord, author of What America Needs: The Case for Trump.  Live from London and Rome, correspondents will deliver live updates on the ongoing Muslim migrant crisis and other European news. The program is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. Sirius XM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   . WASHINGTON (AP)  —   The FBI won’t recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton for her use of a private email server while secretary of state, agency Director James Comey said Tuesday, lifting a major legal threat to her presidential campaign. [advertisement Friday at a rally for his wife, Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton, in Riverdale, NY, former President Bill Clinton downplayed the role Wall Street is playing in “the misery of America” and pointed out that New York City’s boroughs other than Manhattan were diversifying their income.  “Look, I really sympathize with a lot of these young people who are excited about being told that there is one explanation for the misery of America and that is the greed of the Wall Street banks. But the truth is, Wall Street is smaller and New York City is growing like crazy, led by the Bronx and Brooklyn and Queens and entrepreneurs in New York that are in Manhattan that are diversifying the income, right? So what are we going to do about this?” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor On his Monday broadcast of “The 700 Club,” host televangelist Pat Robertson declared Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump the winner of Sunday’s debate, calling him the Phoenix because he came back when everyone thought he was dead.  Robertson said, “Let’s face it. A guy does something 11 years ago. There’s a conversation in Hollywood where he’s trying to look like he’s macho. And 11 years after that, they surface it from The Washington Post or whatever, bring it out within 30 days or so of the election, and this is supposed to be the death blow and everybody writes him off, ‘OK, he’s dead. Now you’ve got to get out of the way and let Mike Pence run the campaign,’” “The Donald says no,” he went on to say. “He’s like the Phoenix. They think he’s dead. He’s come back. And he came back strong. So, he won that debate. ” (  The Hill) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo On the Friday airing of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher slammed the two sons of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Jr. and Eric Trump.  Maher partially cited a Trump quote from his 2008 book, “Think Big,” which he used as a segue to attack the Trump children. “Donald Trump also once said, ’Sometimes people will come into my office and they will be great. They will look great, they’ll sound great, they dress beautifully. Everything is great. Then after you hire them they turn out to be morons,’ which explains his sons Uday and Qusay. ” “I mean Trump, Sr. at the what House is bad enough without these two American psychos putting plastic over the furniture so that they can axe murder prostitutes while discussing Phil Collins,” he continued. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Dramatic video footage emerged on Friday of hundreds of Iraqi civilians swimming across the Euphrates river near Fallujah in a bid to escape Islamic State fighters. [Residents have been suffering increasingly dire conditions, used as human shields by the remaining Islamic State fighters and deprived of food and clean water for months, the Daily Telegraph reports.  The video appears above. On MSNBC Saturday, host Joy Reid discussed Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s 2008 presidential campaign, saying Clinton was Annie Oakley in that run while facing “very different electoral circumstances. ”  “Back in 2008 when Hillary Clinton faced very different electoral circumstances and a different constituency against Barack Obama, she did sort of do the Annie Oakley thing,” Reid said. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski said the  campaign is closing in on picking a   running mate.  Lewandowski said, “I can say that the list is very small, and we have a very good understanding of who those individuals will be and the decision will be made by Mr. Trump. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The LA Times daily tracking poll shows the race between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump too close to call. [Clinton is at 44 percent while Trump is at 43. 4 percent as of Aug. 18. The results are based on 2, 500 respondents.  Trump has made up ground as he was roughly five points behind Clinton as of Aug. 14, 46. 3 percent to 41. 6 percent. The USC   Angeles Times “Daybreak” poll regularly tracks 3, 000 voters through election day, Nov. 8, and updates the data every day “based on the weighted average of poll responses over the previous week. ”  CLEVELAND, Ohio  —   Ivanka Trump introduced her father 2016 Republican nominee Donald Trump Thursday night at the Republican National Convention and revealed his record of employing women in business. [“He is colorblind and gender neutral. He hires the best person for the job, period,” Ivanka declared to the thousands of supporters packed into Quicken Loans Arena.  Ivanka said her father employs more women executives and also pays them equally to men. “Women represent 46 percent of the total U. S. labor force,” Ivanka told the audience, as she referenced the gender pay gap, as women aren’t always paid as much as men. “As a mother myself of three young children, I know how hard it is to work while raising a family  …    American families need relief. ” “I will fight for this too right along side of him,” Ivanka vowed about equal pay. During Tuesday’s “Undisputed” on Fox Sports 1,   Skip Bayless reacted to Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg calling the ongoing national anthem protests started by San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick “dumb and disrespectful. ”  Bayless, who was admittedly “shocked,” said that if the comments had been made earlier on in the process, “it would have been a blow” to the movement. “I must admit I was shocked by her comments,” he said. “And, I dare say if she had spoken what she spoke to Katie Couric, was it yesterday or the day before maybe, if she had done this a month ago, I think it would have been a blow to the Colin   national anthem movement that I think has done so much good   …    ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  Rome (AFP)  —   Virginia Raggi was elected Sunday as Rome’s first female mayor, exit polls showed, in an electoral triumph for the populist Five Star Movement that represents a major setback for Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi. [advertisement While talking about the upcoming Tampa Bay Rays game against the Cuban national baseball team on the Tuesday broadcast of “Mike and Mike” on ESPN Radio, ESPN’s Dan Le Batard said the fact that an American baseball team went over to Cuba to play their national baseball team is actually a “win for the Cuban propaganda machine. ”  Speaking as the son of Cuban exiles, Le Batard stated, “Their baseball team has been a propaganda tool for a long time, winning gold medals, and this right here is a win for the Cuban national propaganda machine, the Americans playing a road game with the Cuban team. ” The game is set for Tuesday at 12:30 p. m. ET on ESPN. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Republican Vice Presidential nominee Mike Pence tells congregants at the Living Word Bible Church in Mesa, Arizona about his own family values and those echoed in the Republican Party, while praising Donald Trump for his integrity and character.  The church event was Pence’s third visit to the   since accepting the Republican vice presidential nomination in July. It was held after an earlier Pence    appearance in Colorado Springs, Colorado. The Living World Bible Church, which is located on 3520 E. Brown Road, has approximately 8, 000 congregants. Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz Charles Koch says which Republican candidates’ policies are potential dealbreakers for him  —   and why he thinks Hillary Clinton will be friendlier to his interests than her rhetoric suggests. [advertisement CANTON, OHIO  —   During a rally here in Canton, Ohio on Wednesday, an intrepid protester disrupted an assembly with Bill Clinton at the local Ironworkers Union. [The protester hoisted a makeshift sign reading “Bill Clinton Is A Rapist” as the crowd immediately began booing the person and shoving them out of the room.  Protestor interrupts Bill Clinton rally in Canton, OH pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) October 5, 2016,  “Bill Clinton has harmed women!” the protester shouted. “Bill Clinton is a rapist!” Clinton urged the crowd to ignore it. “Don’t worry about that,” he said, as he continued his speech. McClatchy reports that   Donald Trump may have a surprise pick for Secretary of State  —   Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson  —   rather than the   candidates who have received the most press speculation so far. [From McClatchy:  Despite a dinner with Mitt Romney earlier this week,   Donald Trump is reportedly considering Irving resident and Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson for secretary of state. Tillerson, who has led Exxon since 2006 and worked for the company for more than four decades, is reportedly under consideration for the nation’s top diplomatic post. Read the rest of the story here. The biggest names discussed so far in Trump’s White House transition process have been former Governor Mitt Romney, former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani, former U. S. Ambassador to the UN John Bolton, former CIA chief David Petraeus, and Rep. Dana Rohrabacher. In an unscientific online poll, Breitbart readers respectively ranked Giuliani, Bolton, Petraeus, Romney, then Rohrabacher as a preferred choice. Breitbart technology editor Milo Yiannopoulos appeared on Sky News today to debate whether Donald Trump would be a good choice for US President, telling presenter Kay Burley that Trump would make America “fabulous again. ”[Yiannopoulos debated Kate Andrews from the ASI, who was more sceptical about whether Trump is presidential material.  Andrews and Burley suggested that Trump had a problem with “hurtful” statements about women and minorities but Yiannopoulos pointed out that Trump is polling strongly with blacks, Hispanics and women.  “Is he a misogynistic racist?” asked Burley. “Of course not,” responded Yiannopoulos, who went on to say: “You can’t stump the Trump. He’ll make America fabulous again. ” Follow Milo Yiannopoulos (@Nero) on Twitter and Facebook, or write to him at milo@breitbart. com. Android users can download Milo Alert! to be notified about new articles when they are published.  Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump’s communications advisor Michael Caputo posted on Twitter, appearing to celebrate the news that campaign manager Corey Lewandowski had been fired  —   but now Caputo is out too. [Ding dong the witch is dead! https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Michael Caputo (@MichaelRCaputo) June 20, 2016,   Later on Monday, Caputo resigned in a statement to Paul Manafort, who has replaced Lewandowski as campaign manager, according to CNN. I regret sending out a tweet today alluding to the firing of Corey Lewandowski. In hindsight, that was too exuberant a reaction to this personnel move. I know this is a distraction from the kind of campaign you want to run, so I’m resigning my position as director of communications for caucus operations at the 2016 Republican Convention. Let’s make this immediate. Earlier in the morning on Monday, the Trump campaign announced Lewandowski was parting ways with the campaign. President Obama ”has an elitist view that the media is silly”   @DavidGregory https:  .  Sunday on CNN’s “Reliable Sources,” former NBC White House correspondent and “Meet the Press” moderator David Gregory, now a CNN political analyst, explained that President Barack Obama looks down on the media.  Gregory described Obama as having a view that the media was “silly,” which he labeled to be an elitist view. “The president has a bit of an elitist view  —   not a bit, an elitist view that the media is silly,” Gregory said. “Some he respected. He was very deliberate about those he respected and those he didn’t. I think he felt that there was the kind of, the game and the noise of media that he thought was silly and that undermined the serious things he was trying to do. ” (  The Hill) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor The New York Times’ Nick Confessore (pictured, right) spills over 3, 500 words to play    with Donald Trump’s candidacy and, in the process, provide several white supremacists their biggest platform ever  —   complete with dramatic photo portraits. [advertisement Warner Bros. released the first trailer for Sully this week  —   a film about U. S. Airways pilot Captain Chesley Sullenberger’s daring water landing in New York City’s Hudson River in 2009 that saved the lives of all 155 passengers and crew. [Tom Hanks plays Sully, who famously piloted U. S. Airways Flight 1549 into a soft water landing in the Hudson River after a flock of birds took out both engines shortly after takeoff on January 15, 2009.  The incident turned Sullenberger into a national hero and became referred to as the “Miracle on the Hudson. ” The film stars Hanks, Aaron Eckhart, Anna Gunn, Sam Huntington and Laura Linney. Clint Eastwood directs off of a script from Todd Komarnicki (Perfect Stranger, Resistance). Sully is in theaters September 9. South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley’s office confirmed that she is scheduled to deliver the Republican response to President Obama’s final State of the Union address, according to Politico. [Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell commented, saying, “Nikki Haley is a proven leader and committed reformer who believes deeply in the promise of the country we all share. ”  The State of the Union is scheduled for Tuesday. As Republican nominee Donald Trump spoke at the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) in Charlotte, North Carolina, the audience broke out in sporadic chants of “lock her up” in reference to presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, who spoke at the VFW on Monday. [Campaign signs are banned from the #VFWConvention but calls to ”lock her up” are occasionally being bellowed across the exhibit hall,  —   Sara Murray (@SaraMurray) July 26, 2016,   ”Lock her up” chants as Trump addresses #VFWConvention. Trump: ”And to think she was here yesterday, I guess she didn’t do very well.”  —   Jeremy Diamond (@JDiamond1) July 26, 2016,  “The other candidate in this race, crooked Hillary Clinton, [  …    ] has a much different view,” Trump told the VFW audience.  “She recently said of the VA scandal that it isn’t as wide spread as it was reported to be,” he jabbed, saying it’s as if she’s trying to sweep it under the rug. Sunday on CNN’s “State Of The Union,” former Obama administration green jobs czar and network contributor Van Jones said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is worried about rust belt states like Michigan, which are normally solid Democrat, because he said there was “a crack in the blue wall” that has to do with trade.  Jones said, “There is a crack in the blue wall. It has to do with trade. This is a ghost of Bernie There is a discontent with some Democratic voters over trade and some blame Hillary Clinton. And so you’ve got to go back there and shore back up. Here is the reality, there is a clear case to be made. and it’s being made by Democrats, to stay home, come here, listen. You don’t like where the bus is going, you don’t let a drunk guy drive the bus to solve the problem. There’s no point pretending there’s not some concern here. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Thursday on MSNBC following an apparent terror attack in Nice, France resulting in at least 73 dead and 100 injured, the network aired footage of the truck filled with firearms and explosives right before it drove into a large crowd.  Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN I showed Hillary how to use the subway in New York City today. pic. twitter.  On Thursday, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton struggled to use a MetroCard before boarding the subway in New York City while on a campaign visit to the city.  Former Rep. Michele Bachmann posted a video on her Twitter page Friday that was directed at the former New York senator to show her just how “easy” and “quick” the subway turnstiles are to use. “This is for Hillary Clinton. I know you had a tough time, Hillary, trying to figure out how to do the subway system even though you were the U. S. Senator from New York,” Bachmann said as she successfully swiped her card. “It’s just that easy just that quick. ” (  Mediaite) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent A series of disturbing video clips are emerging showing   activists replacing Israel’s flag with that of the state of Palestine at memorials commemorating those who died in the terrorist attacks in Brussels on Tuesday. [In the first one (see above) a lady wearing a traditional Muslim headscarf was filmed by French television station RTL in Brussels’ Place de la Bourse, where an Israeli flag had been placed at a vigil to more than 30 victims of the bombings.  The woman appears to replace the Israel flag with a larger Palestinian flag, before tearing up the Israeli flag and hiding the pieces out of sight under a banner. Mourners have been placing flowers, candles and flags to show solidarity with the victims of the attack. In the second video a man takes a Palestinian flag and places it over the top of an Israeli flag at another memorial site. You can see that video below.  At no time is any attempt made by bystanders to remonstrate with either of the offenders.   ****Warning: Vile Sexual Content****   —   Smears,  Threats,  Smears,  Attacks on Breitbart Readers,  Smears,    No comment necessary,           This single tweet below is the only one The Daily Beast mentioned.  Threats of violence,  Attacks on their own voters as stupid,   —   ASSOCIATED PRESS  —   Donald Trump has hired Breitbart News’s Stephen Bannon as campaign CEO and promoted pollster Kellyanne Conway to campaign manager. [The Republican nominee’s move comes just 82 days before the election and represents yet another shakeup to his tumultuous campaign.  Bannon is a former investment banker and the executive chairman of Breitbart News, a conservative news and opinion website that has a largely positiveperspective on Trump. Conway has acted as a senior adviser and pollster to Trump’s campaign. Trump said he had known both people for a long time, saying: “They’re terrific people, they’re winners, they’re champs, and we need to win it. ” Opinion surveys show Trump trailing his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, nationally and in key battleground states. Trump said his campaign chair, Paul Manafort, would maintain his current role. The development was first reported by the Wall Street Journal. Showtime is developing a new “dark comedy” series called Fatwa from Daily Show alum and Halal in the Family creator Aasif Mandvi and   Dave Holstein. [According to Deadline, which first broke the news, the new series will center on LK Hussein (Mandvi) a struggling cartoonist “whose death threat becomes the greatest thing that ever happened to him. ”  The series is named for the term for a religious ruling prescribed by an Islamic authority. Mandvi and Holstein, who also worked together on the   HBO comedy series The Brink, will reportedly   the script and serve as executive producers. Mandvi has starred in   comedy television fare before last year, the        the Web series Halal in the Family, which sought to use humor to disarm the stereotypes surrounding Muslims living in the United States. The series won a   Futures of Media Award. No release date has yet been set for Fatwa.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum This gameplay demonstration from Gamescom shows off Gears of War 4 running in 4K resolution on a Windows 10 PC. A Texas man survived a fall into a trash compactor after his sleeping body was hauled into one by a garbage truck. [The man was sleeping on top of a dumpster in Wichita Falls when a garbage truck scooped up his body along with the trash into the truck, compacted it, and took it to a transfer station, The Associated Press reported.  Sanitation workers at the Wichita Falls transfer station saw a body fall from the truck into a garbage pit. Emergency personnel rescued the man after they lowered a basket into the garbage pit to retrieve him. The man, who is unidentified but in his 60s, was taken to a hospital for evaluation. WEST LONG BRANCH, N. J. (AP)  —   A New Jersey man is facing a fine for flying flags supporting Donald Trump. [advertisement New maps, weapons, hero characters, and a new mode come to Star Wars Battlefront with the Bespin expansion. According to the latest poll conducted by Gallup, the most common responses to Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton and independent Sen. Bernie Sanders are “liar” and “socialist. ”[  percent of voters had a negative reaction to Clinton, in keeping with Gallup’s tracking of her overall unfavorability rating.  Forty percent of initial reactions to Clinton are negative, ranging from “liar” to “thief”: Voters reacted more positively to Sanders, though they appear to think of him as somewhat of a kook on a quixotic quest for the presidency: Voters’ reactions to Clinton remain the same after her last failed run: Gallup reported in April 2008 that “dishonest” was the top response used to describe her. Only 29 percent of voters hold positive feelings about Clinton. Likewise, only 26 percent feel favorably about Sanders, while a majority of voters feel neutral towards him: 54 percent. Gallup also notes that even significant numbers of Democratic voters view Clinton negatively. Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” while discussing presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s change agenda, Democratic strategist Donna Brazile declared that Trump doesn’t look like “change. ”  Brazile said, “You keep talking about change. Change for what? Change to hurt people, to hurt minorities, to hurt women, to insult people with disabilities. I mean, that’s why Donald Trump is not the perfect change messenger. He doesn’t even look like change   …     If Trump is such a great businessman and manager why does picking a vice president which is one of the big tests of a presidential candidate, why does it devolve into a clown show. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP)  —   California lawmakers have defeated a resolution intended to honor John Wayne after opponents challenged what they say are racist statements by the late actor. [advertisement 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney took a swipe at GOP frontrunner Donald Trump during a GOP dinner on Tuesday night, mocking him for his   wives. [“Donald Trump has had several foreign wives. It turns out that there really are jobs Americans won’t do,” Romney reportedly joked at the Republican Congressional Committee (NRCC) GOP dinner on Tuesday night.  Two of Trump’s three wives were from other countries. Ivana, Trump’s first wife, was born in Czechoslovakia and Trump’s current wife Melania is from Slovenia. Trump previously took a swipe at Romney, questioning whether or not Romney was Mormon during a campaign rally in Utah. Romney responded to that jab on Tuesday night, mocking, ““He could have just asked my wives. ” The Times of Israel reports:  The IDF on Monday demolished the home of a Palestinian terrorist who murdered an American tourist and injured several other people in a stabbing spree in March. The army said in a statement that it carried out the demolition in the West Bank village of Kafr Haja, near Nablus, in coordination with the Civil Administration and Border Police. Bashar Massalha, 22, from Qalqilya, murdered US citizen Taylor Force and injured 10 others in a rampage along the Jaffa boardwalk on March 8. He was killed by security forces at the scene of the attack, which coincided with a visit by US Vice President Joe Biden, who was meeting with Shimon Peres minutes away from the scene. Last month Israel returned Massalha’s body to the Palestinian Authority for burial. Read more here.   Rebuilding America Now, a super PAC supporting presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, released its first ad against likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton on Sunday. [The super PAC’s first TV ad titled “Hillary Clinton: More of the Same” uses clips of Hillary Clinton denying improper use of her email server paired with video clips from the past of   Bill Clinton denying having sexual relations with Monica Lewinsky.  The ad closes with text reading: “Same old, same old, same old, same old typical politician. ” The ad can be viewed on YouTube here.  (AP) Republican Donald Trump’s victory in Wisconsin was reaffirmed Monday following a recount that showed him defeating Democrat Hillary Clinton by more than 22, 000 votes. [advertisement (AP)  —   San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee has banned city workers from   travel to North Carolina after that state approved legislation preventing   protections for gay, lesbian and transgender people. [Lee said in a statement Friday that residents in the city with a large gay and lesbian population “will not subsidize legally sanctioned discrimination. ” He says the new law turns back the clock on civil rights protections.  North Carolina Gov. Pat McGrory signed legislation this week voiding a Charlotte ordinance that would have allowed transgender people to legally use restrooms aligned with their gender identity. The ordinance also would have provided wide protections against discrimination in public accommodations. The law prevents cities and counties from passing   rules and imposes a statewide standard that leaves out protections based on sexual orientation and gender identity. On this weeks broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” President Barack Obama “guaranteed” his former Secretary of State and current Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton would not get special treatment or protection form his administration in regards to the current FBI investigation into how she handled classified materiel on her private email sever.  When asked if she will be treated the same as anyone under the law Obama said, “I can guarantee that. ” He continued, “I do not talk to the Attorney General about pending investigations. I do not talk to FBI directors about pending investigations. We have a strict line   …     I guarantee that there is no political influence in any investigation conducted by the Justice Department, or the FBI, not just in this case, but in any case. ” Wallace asked, “even if she ends up as the Democratic nominee?” Obama insisted, “How many times do I have to say it, Chris? Guaranteed. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN CAMDEN, Maine (AP)  —   A jail supervisor says “American Pie” singer Don McLean has been arrested on a misdemeanor domestic violence charge in Maine. [Cpl. Brad Woll says McLean was arrested and posted $10, 000 bail early Monday at the Knox County Jail.  The      lives in Camden, Maine. A message left for the police chief there by The Associated Press was not immediately returned. Woll says he did not know if McLean had a lawyer. A message seeking comment was left through the singer’s website. A phone number listed under his name rang unanswered. McLean’s original manuscript and notes to “American Pie” sold at auction for $1. 2 million in April. The 1971 hit was about the deaths of Buddy Holly, Ritchie Valens and the Big Bopper in a plane crash on Feb. 3, 1959  —   The Day the Music Died. WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP)  —   Donald Trump’s campaign manager will not be prosecuted on a misdemeanor battery charge after prosecutors determined there wasn’t enough evidence to convict him of forcibly grabbing a female reporter. [advertisement Friday at the Republican presidential Faith  Family Forum in South Carolina, addressing the recent presidential primary issue of women becoming part of a military draft, Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said due to modern warfare a draft will never be necessary again.  Rubio said, “I think there was a question in the last debate, they asked about select service. First of all, I don’t even think we need selective service anymore. I don’t think we will ever have a draft again. Modern warfare  —   if it ever reaches that level, because of the weapons that exist I dont think you are ever going to see a draft instituted. Second of all, I do not support drafting woman and forcing them to be combat solders. I don’t support that. I never have and I don’t now. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN CLEVELAND, Ohio —  Donald Trump thanked the crowd at the Republican National Convention for cheering for the protection of the gay population from Islamic radical terrorism. [“As your president I will do everything in my power to protect our LGBTQ citizens from a hateful foreign ideology  …    believe me,” Trump vowed to major applause.  “And I have to say, as a Republican, it is so nice to hear you cheering for what I just said. Thank you. ” The diverse crowd at the Republican convention in Cleveland comes from all walks of life. Trump also appealed in his speech to the wages of black and Hispanic workers, which have been lowered by illegal immigration. Trump blasted a media that seeks to “divide us by race and color” and said that “this administration has failed America’s inner cities. It’s failed them on education, it’s failed them on jobs, it’s failed them on crime. ” Matt Yglesias of Vox works out his feelings Wednesday morning after the American public voted to hold Hillary Clinton accountable for exposing the nation’s secrets to amateur hackers  —   rebuking the FBI’s contorted rationale not to prosecute her lawbreaking. [From Vox:  The media’s coverage of the 2016 race didn’t win the election for Donald Trump, but it didn’t help. Back in September, Gallup presented the findings of an important research project that, in retrospect, ought to have prompted a lot more soul searching among members of the press. What they did was, over an extended period of time, survey people and ask them what they were hearing about the two candidates. The answer is that with regard to Hillary Clinton, they heard a lot about email. With regard to Trump, they heard about nothing in particular. Read the rest of the tantrum here. Wall Street traders booed Hillary Clinton on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange during her concession speech to   Donald Trump Wednesday. [The traders began chanting, “Lock her up!” as Clinton told her supporters that they should accept defeat, CNN Money reported.  “  the witch is dead,” shouted another floor trader. Even though global markets dropped overnight due to the shocking news of Trump’s win, U. S. stocks went slightly up when the stock market opened this morning. The Dow Jones industrial average went up 200 points, while the SP 500 and NASDAQ went up 1 percent. After violent riots in Charlotte, North Carolina, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is addressing crime and violence. [“This is a national crisis,” Trump said during a speech in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on Thursday. He said it is the job of the president to address the crisis and save African American lives.  Trump touted former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani’s policies that he says brought down the crime rate by 76 percent and murder rate in New York City by more than 80 percent. “We need a national   agenda to make our cities safe again,” Trump stressed. “Safety is the foundation of the ladder to American success. ” He also praised law enforcement, saying they need support. “They are the line separating civilians and civilization from total chaos. ” Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are tied in the Los Angeles Times daily tracking poll, according to Sunday’s results. [Trump holds a slight lead at 44. 4 percent, with Clinton at 44. 1 percent.  Trump’s warnings about a rigged election appear to be having an effect: Despite leading in the poll, only 37. 5 percent believe he will win, while 56. 8 percent expect Clinton to win. Asked if they intend to vote, 86. 1 percent supporting Clinton say they plan to vote, along with 85. 7 percent who support Trump. The L. A. Times questioned 3, 028 registered voters for the Oct. 23 results. Pollsters survey roughly 3, 000 eligible voters every day about the presidential race to track the country’s political pulse. The Hill covers Clinton campaign reaction to the FBI investigation:  They said they were “dumbfounded” by the revelation that the new FBI review may have been spurred by a separate investigation into Anthony Weiner sending lewd texts to a minor. Weiner is separated from wife Huma Abedin, one of Clinton’s closest aides. And they worried that Clinton’s unconventional email arrangement had finally caught up to her and might imperil her presidential bid less than two weeks before Election Day. “I’m livid, actually,” one Clinton surrogate told The Hill. “This has turned into malpractice. It’s an unforced error at this point. I have no idea what Comey is up to but the idea this email issue is popping back up again is outrageous. It never should have occurred in the first place. Someone somewhere should have told her no. And they didn’t and now we’re all paying the price. ” Read the whole thing. The latest video from Breitbart News regarding Obama’s Apology Tour in Japan.[  For more on this topic, read this article by Joel Pollak. For more videos from Breitbart News, visit our Facebook portal. Saturday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” host Joy Reid defined “identity politics” as a “slanderous way” of saying to not talk about people of color, people of the LGBT community or other marginalized communitites.  “[T]here is this big debate among Democrats, whether or not they should throw what they are calling ‘identity politics,’ which is sort of a slanderous way of saying, ‘Don’t talk about people of color, LGBT people and other marginalized communities anymore because we need to focus on white,   people,’ and there’s a debate over whether to do that or not,” Reid said to former DNC pollster Cornell Belcher. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Monday in an appearance Fox News Channel’s “On the Record,” former House Speaker Newt Gingrich commented on the intense scrutiny Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has faced over the past several days and said “80 percent of the elite media” were working against Trump.  Gingrich pointed to the indiscretions from his opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and noted they have gotten little coverage, whereas Trump has been under a heightened scrutiny. “She’s lying about   thousand emails,” he said. “She’s lying about national security. Why shouldn’t she apologize? If Donald Trump owes anybody an apology, how come Hillary doesn’t owe the whole country an apology?” “Trump’s stubborn,” he added. “But he didn’t delete 33, 000 emails. Trump didn’t send out secret information. Trump didn’t lie about the FBI. Hillary did all that stuff. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Saturday, in Kokomo, Indiana, former president Bill Clinton said the FBI investigation into his wife Hillary’s handling of classified information on her private email server is “a game. ”  Bill said, “If you’re driving in a 50    zone, and a police officer pulls you over when you’re driving 40, and says, ‘I’m sorry, I’ve got to give you a ticke, t because you know the speed limit here should be 35, and you should have known it.’ So, everybody’s all breathless about this, look, this is a game. ” Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN Hillary Clinton was interrupted again by a protester adding to the throng of Americans trying to remind the country of her husband Bill Clinton’s history of sexual assault and her history of trying to cover it up. [A black American in the backdrop of Hillary’s event in Detroit Michigan sparked attention after he pulled off his shirt to reveal a Bill Clinton “RAPE”   underneath.  The man was booed and pushed by Hillary supporters as Clinton turned to see what was causing the disturbance.  He was escorted out of the VIP area, but not before cameras caught his appearance. After laughing, Clinton made a hesitating noise before responding.  “I do hope somebody follows that gentleman out and stages an intervention,” she said. “He clearly has not been following this election very closely. ”   An illegal immigrant who was ordered to leave the country a year ago is now being sought by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) for allegedly raping an underage girl. [Ronald Fabricio Herrera Contreras, 18, is wanted by ICE and the Fairfax County Police Department in Virginia for allegedly raping a    girl abduction assault and battery and gang involvement, WJLA reported.  Contreras is accused by law enforcement of “dragging” the 15   into a wooded area and then proceeding to rape her. The alleged gang member was reportedly given a “final order of removal” in June 2015 when he was found by immigration officials in Hidalgo, Texas. ICE and Fairfax County police told local media that finding and arresting Contreras is now a top priority, partly due to the rape accusation and his illegal immigration status. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.   Democrat turned Trump supporter Christian Rickers, the   executive director of the Trumpocrats PAC, told Breitbart’s Washington Political Editor Matthew Boyle that “Hillary Clinton is not representing any of the working people. ”[“She’s not trustworthy on almost every single issue,” Rickers said on Wednesday’s Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM.  Rickers continued: “They are the architects of pretty much what has gutted out rural America and the rust Belt. They’re the reason the rust Belt is rusting. ” The group plans a “barnstorming tour,” which Rickers details in the full interview below. “We’re getting going with the TrumpocratPAC. com, and we’re going through Pennsylvania, Ohio, Florida, Virginia, North Carolina to spread the message and supplement the efforts of the [Trump] campaign,” he said. For more on the group’s background, read Boyle’s profile of Rickers here. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN:  Belgium’s federal prosecutor said on Saturday that Paris attacks suspect Mohamed Abrini admitted to being the “man in the hat” seen accompanying two suicide bombers at Brussels airport on March 22. [“We confronted him with the video evidence prepared by our special unit,” a spokesman for the prosecutors’ office said. “He had to admit it was him. ”  From Reuters On the February 2 Breitbart News Daily show on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM EST, host and Breitbart News Chairman Stephen K. Bannon and the Breitbart News Team will bring all the action on the results of the Iowa caucus and what it all means for New Hampshire, South Carolina, and beyond.   The program is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. Sirius XM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   . Saturday on MSNBC, Media Matters senior fellow Eric Boehlert blamed the conservative media for creating misogyny while discussing the media’s handling of the National Enquirer’s story that GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) engaged in several extramarital affairs.  According to Boehlert, the conservative media objectified and attacked Michelle Obama, “demonized” Hillary Clinton and has now created this misogyny with Cruz’s wife, Heidi Cruz. ‘There’s a reason Republicans are objectifying women in this race in a really ugly and nasty way. The conservative media has been objectifying, attacking Michelle Obama for eight years. They have demonized Hillary Clinton for   years, so it’s kind of coming home to roost. Donald Trump does not play by any rules, and he’s going to throw this retweet. And now we’ve got the National Enquirer and Republican party and conservative media created this misogyny. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Tuesday in New York City at a meeting of evangelical Christian leaders, presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said there were questions about his general election opponent presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s religion.  Trump said, “We don’t know anything about Hillary in terms of religion. She’s been in the public eye for years and years, and yet there’s no  —   there’s nothing out there. There’s like nothing out there. It’s going to be an extension of Obama but it’s going to be worse, because with Obama you had your guard up. With Hillary you don’t. ” He added, “We can’t be again politically correct and say we pray for all your leaders because all your leaders are selling Christianity down the tubes, selling the evangelicals down the tube. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP)  —   Nyquist won the Kentucky Derby by 1 ¼ lengths on Saturday, improving to   in his career as the fourth consecutive favorite to win the race.  Ridden by Mario Gutierrez, Nyquist ran 1 ¼ miles in 2:01. 31. The    colt became the eighth unbeaten winner in the race’s   history. He paid $6. 60, $4. 80 and $3. 60 as the   favorite in the full field of 20 horses. Nyquist delivered a second Derby win for Gutierrez, trainer Doug O’Neill and owner J. Paul Reddam. They were the team behind 2012 Derby and Preakness winner I’ll Have Another. Exaggerator returned $5. 40 and $4. 20, while Gun Runner was another 3 ¼ lengths back in third and paid $6 to show. Mohaymen finished fourth and Suddenbreakingnews was fifth. A year ago, American Pharoah won the Derby, launching his run to the sport’s first Triple Crown in 37 years. Now Nyquist is the only horse in position to replicate the feat. Steven T. Dennis at Bloomberg Politics reports Hillary Clinton’s campaign will join the recount process in battleground states despite admitting they doubt it will change the results of the election:  Hillary Clinton’s campaign lawyer announced plans to participate in vote recounts of Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan if they take place, yet doesn’t expect to overturn the election of Donald Trump as president.   …     The Democrat’s campaign didn’t plan to initiate recounts on its own because it hasn’t found “any actionable evidence of hacking or outside attempts to alter the voting technology,” Elias wrote. Elias also isn’t expecting the recounts to erase what he said was a 107, 000 combined vote margin separating the candidates in the three battleground states and overturning the election of Trump, who is due to be sworn in as president in January. Read the rest of the story at Bloomberg Politics. Bill and Hillary Clinton made $238 million after departing the White House in January 2001, according to Hillary’s newly released tax returns. [Despite being supposedly “dead broke” at the conclusion of their two terms, which happened to coincide with the   bust and an economic downturn, the Clintons made a tremendous amount of money from books and speaking fees.  In recent years, the Clintons were averaging in the twenties. They made $27 million in 2013 and $28 million in 2014. But their haul went down in 2015 to $10. 7 million, perhaps to fashion for themselves a more populist image. Clinton’s tax returns will no doubt impede the candidate’s ability to present herself as a champion of the working class. From Nikita Vladimirov writing at The Hill:    killings of police have increased by a staggering 300 percent since last year, according to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund (NLEOMF). “  fatalities (32) spiked 78 percent in the first half of this year from 18 during the same period last year. Of particular concern,   killings of law enforcement officers have dramatically increased more than 300 percent from the same period in 2015,” said a report from the group. “Fourteen officers were shot and killed in ambushes, seven officers were killed stopping a suspicious person and five officers were killed while executing a tactical arrest or   warrants” it added. Read the rest of the story at The Hill. The Jerusalem Post reports:  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Saturday that officials in Jerusalem were in contact with their counterparts in Turkey in an attempt to clarify whether the suicide bombing in Istanbul was aimed at Israeli tourists. The premier made the remarks during a televised statement from the Foreign Ministry’s emergency situation room in Jerusalem. When asked if he was in contact with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, the prime minister said he was not. Netanyahu noted that in such situations communication and intelligence cooperation are coordinated between two countries and has instructed the Foreign Ministry to issue travel warnings to Turkey due to the severity of the current circumstances. Read the full story. advertisement A mob of protesters outside the Donald Trump campaign rally in San Jose, California physically assaulted a female Trump supporter, pinning her up against a building and pelting her with eggs and other objects. [Watch: The moment a Trump supporter, surrounded by protesters, is egged in the face, hit by other food. pic. twitter.   —   Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) June 3, 2016,   Protestors are getting out of hand #DonaldTrump pic. twitter.   —   Courtney Bennett (@courtbmedia) June 3, 2016,  The men celebrated after physically assaulting the woman, waving Mexican flags. WATCH: Mexican males celebrating the criminal assault of a female Trump Supporter, Choose a side America#SanJose pic. twitter.   —   Jared Wyand (@JaredWyand) June 3, 2016,  Police in Frisco, Texas, are asking for help in identifying a man who is accused of recording a girl at the local Super Target. Law enforcement officials reportedly have a surveillance photo of the subject. The incident allegedly occurred at the Super Target store on Preston road about 7 p. m. on Tuesday night. The girl reported that she witnessed a man peering over the wall with a cellphone pointed at her and informed her parents. [The Dallas Morning News has reported that the man is thin, white, and is about   with dark hair. He as wearing blue jeans, a red   and a dark baseball cap.  The girl reported the incident to her parents and to Target employees but the man was already gone from the store. Lana Shadwick is a writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas. She has served as a prosecutor and associate judge. Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2 Wednesday in San Francisco, during his speech to the American Geophysical Union, Gov. Jerry Brown ( ) while vowing to the crowd of climate scientists that he will “fight”   Donald Trump’s administration on climate change policy, Brown took a swipe at Breitbart News Network.  Brown said “The measures on methane that I signed into law, Breitbart and the other clowns talked about cow farts. That’s what they reduce. Everything is reduced from a serious to just it’s a joke. Well it’s not a joke. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Disney released the final trailer for its upcoming Rogue One: A Star Wars Story over the weekend in preparation for the film’s release on December 16. [The latest and last trailer gives fans a few more shots of the Death Star, which is still under construction in the film, and of the ragtag group of Rebels who are tasked with destroying it.  Rogue One stars Felicity Jones, Mads Mikkelsen, Forest Whitaker, Diego Luna, Alan Tudyk, Warwick Davis, Riz Ahmed, Donnie Yen and Ben Mendelsohn. James Earl Jones reprises his role as Darth Vader. The film  —   the first in a series of planned spinoffs of the original saga  —   is directed by Gareth Edwards (Godzilla) off of a script from Chris Weitz (The Golden Compass). This weekend also saw the release of a Rogue One TV spot that at least one   viewer believes teases the return of another one of the original trilogies’ most iconic villains. Rogue One: A Star Wars Story is in theaters December 16.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum Trump campaign spokeswoman Katrina Pierson stated that reports of Hillary Clinton’s “dysphasia, the fact that she’s fallen,” need to be “addressed” on Thursday’s “MTP Daily. ”  Pierson said that Trump has “said that she doesn’t have the strength or stamina for a very long time. That part is nothing new. What’s new are the other reports of the observations of Hillary Clinton’s behavior and mannerisms, specifically with what you just showed in those previous clips, as well as her dysphasia, the fact that she’s fallen, she has had a concussion. ” She added, “It’s something that needs to be addressed. She’s taken a lot of time off the campaign trail. She hasn’t had a press conference this year. ” (  Daily Beast) Follow Breitbart News on Twitter @BreitbartNews Sunday on CNN’s “Reliable Sources,” host Brian Stelter said former CNN contributor and current DNC chair Donna Brazile “embarrassed all of CNN” when WikiLeaks revealed during her time at the network she had sent debate questions to the campaign of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.  Stelter said, “She embarrassed on of CNN by talking to the campaign this way. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN After fulfilling his promise and bringing Cleveland its first major sports title in 52 years, LeBron James is reportedly on track to becoming the NBA’s first $200 million player.  James opted out of his contract on Tuesday and is likely to sign a   deal with the Cavs for $27. 5 million, which he has the option to do. According to ESPN, when the NBA’s salary cap dramatically increases after next season, the Cavs will be in a position to “offer James a   deal that currently is projected to be worth between $  million depending on various models NBA teams are using for revenue growth. ” That projected deal would make James “the   player in league history for the   season by earning $35 million, passing Michael Jordan’s record of $33 million in  ” and he would become the league’s first player to make $40 million a year in the   season. From Maggie Haberman and Alexander Burns writing at The New York Times: advertisement Conservative analyst and author of “Adios America” Ann Coulter weighed in on the recent news about GOP frontrunner Donald Trump calling into question Sen. Ted Cruz’s birthright status, since Cruz was born in Canada. [Coulter posted on Twitter on Wednesday:  NYT: Cruz was born outside the U. S. to 1 American parent: “Under the Constitution this makes him a ‘natural born citizen. ’” Absolutely false,  —   Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) January 6, 2016,  The Washington Post published a story Tuesday evening where Trump said Cruz’s place of birth would be a “very precarious” issue if Cruz is the Republican nominee. The Post noted that several legal scholars have argued Cruz would qualify as a natural born citizen because his mother was a U. S. citizen. Guest Roger Stone discussed racist elements of Bill and Hillary Clinton’s past with Breitbart News Daily host Matt Boyle. [Stone said:  There’s plenty on the record here whether it’s the execution of Ricky Ray Rector, a severely retarded man, who Bill sent to the electric chair shortly before the 1992 Democratic Primary, or whether it’s the fact that Bill as governor of Arkansas went to Federal Court in order to argue that the Arkansas police should be allowed to racially profile motorists and pull people, essentially, aside for the crime of being black while driving, these people have engaged in very deep dog whistle politics. Continued Stone, “For them to pretend now that that’s not the case is clearly absurd. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN:  Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) will be skipping President Obama’s State of the Union address Tuesday. [Cruz will be in New Hampshire campaigning during Obama’s speech.  According to the Hill: Cruz spokesman Rick Tyler told The Hill that the Texas senator will be ‘disappointed’ by the president’s speech regardless of where he’ll be. ‘It won’t matter because he’ll be just as disappointed in New Hampshire as he will be in the chamber.’ ‘It’s not a snub. He’s going to be in New Hampshire, working hard to win New Hampshire,’ Tyler told The Dallas Morning News. ‘No disrespect. It just is going to work out this way.’  Cruz’s campaign rivals, Sen. Rand Paul ( ) and Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) will both be in attendance Tuesday evening. After a joint press conference with President Obama in Cuba, Raul Castro shook hands with the United States leader and tried to lift the arm of the president in a triumphant salute. [But Obama’s hand and wrist went limp as Castro lifted it up, making for an awkward exchange at the end of their historic press conference.  View post on imgur. com,  At one point during the press conference, Castro interrupted Obama’s answer to a   question, apparently confused about who was expected to answer. “Excuse me,” Obama said, winking to the cameras as he looked over at Castro. Obama winks after Castro interrupts him during press conference pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) March 21, 2016,  Castro agreed to answer a question from one reporter, CNN’s Jim Acosta, but Obama urged him to answer a question from MSNBC reporter Andrea Mitchell as well, calling her ‘one of our most esteemed journalists in America. ’” TMZ Sports obtained video of what appears to be Jacksonville Jaguars defensive end Dante Fowler refereeing a fight between the mother of his child and another woman outside of an elevator.  Fowler, the Jaguars’ first round draft pick in 2015, can be seen stepping between the two women and then giving a signal that starts the  . The two women then proceeded to viciously hit each other until Fowler reportedly pulled his child’s mother off and left with the other woman. Police were not called and TMZ says no reports were filed. Fowler missed the entire 2015 season after tearing his ACL during the team’s first minicamp practice. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent The latest   Consult poll finds nearly half of respondents think widespread voter fraud may take place on election day. [Voter intimidation,   voting, and people fraudulently casting ballots for dead people are all on voters’ minds.   Despite concerns about widespread voting fraud, 68 percent of respondents said the losing candidate should accept the results of the election. Only seven percent of Clinton supporters said the losing candidate should challenge the results, while 24 percent of Trump supporters said the same. Another   Consult poll found that 41 percent believe the election could be “stolen” from Trump, including 73 percent of Republicans, and 17 percent of Democrats. Sixty percent of respondents said Trump would be right to question the election’s results. Pollsters questioned 1, 395 likely voters and 1, 598 registered voters from Oct. 19 to Oct. 20. The poll’s margin of error is plus or minus three percentage points. NEW YORK (AP)  —   Hillary Clinton said Tuesday the hit Broadway musical “Hamilton” offers lessons for the nation, telling donors following a special fundraising performance, “Let’s not throw away our shot. ”   While on the campaign trail for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, her former primary opponent Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) got a rousing chant of “Bernie!” when discussing which candidate is the best.  Sanders said, “If you take a hard look at the issues impacting the middle class of this county there is no doubt, but a shadow of a doubt, that that Hillary Clinton is by far the superior candidate. ” Crowd, “Bernie, Bernie, Bernie!” Sanders, “Well, thank you. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN FBI director James Comey debunked Hillary Clinton’s claim that Comey called her “truthful” about her private email scandal. [“I did not,” Comey confirmed Wednesday at a U. S. House hearing, making it clear that Clinton was not being truthful when she made her comment about Comey calling her “truthful. ”  “I never say that about anybody,” Comey added. “Our business is never to decide whether we believe someone. Our business is always to decide what evidence do we have that would convince us not to believe that person. It’s an odd way to look at the world, but it’s how investigators look at the world. ”  A shopper in Tulalip, WA captured video of a Nike outlet store towards the end of the chaos that can be Black Friday shopping.  “It looked like an earthquake just rocked the place,” Larry Downer told ABC. In the video, taken at 8:30 p. m. the store is a sea of Nike boxes and shoes thrown all over the place. Customers are seen stepping on boxes because they cover the majority of the floor. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo The New York Daily News hates God, hates guns, hates cops, and really hates conservatives. Apparently, though, even in   New York City, enough readers are hating the Daily News back to spark yet another round of layoffs for the floundering tabloid:  After a painful fall in which the Daily News was recovering from a downsizing that claimed the jobs of numerous longtime newsroom employees, has the tabloid been hit with cuts yet again? Three sources familiar with the matter told POLITICO as much on Friday. Of late, The Daily News has attempted to remain relevant with a series of shrill, hysterical,   covers.  Hate doesn’t sell. Even to    Democrats. Ask CNN.   Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                 A Florida woman who allegedly set fire to a car thinking it was her  ’s is now in police custody after video footage caught her in the act. [Carmen Chamblee, 19, has been arrested on charges of   arson, according to the Clearwater Police Department.  Chamblee allegedly started the blaze in the trunk of a white,   sedan using flammable liquid, police say.  Witnesses say she fled the scene on a bicycle. A surveillance camera outside the victim’s home caught Chamblee in the act, leading police to identify the woman and arrest her Saturday morning, The Tampa Bay Times reported. Chamblee told police that she thought the car was her boyfriend’s, police say. But, it wasn’t. “I have no idea who she is,” the automobile owner Thomas Jennings told local station WFTS. WFTS reported that Jennings ran out of his residence to see his car go up in flames after his roommate told him to get outside. Chamblee is currently being held in Pinellas County Jail. CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP)  —   A federal jury found Rolling Stone magazine, its publisher and a reporter defamed a University of Virginia administrator in a discredited story about gang rape at a fraternity house, news media reported Friday[advertisement From Mike McIntire writing at The New York Times: advertisement NEW YORK (AP)  —   Martin Scorsese’s Manhattan office, in a midtown building a few blocks northwest of the   Trump Tower, may be the most concentrated bastion of reverence for cinema on the face of the earth. [advertisement During a speech in Warsaw, Poland on Saturday, President Obama argued that America is not as divided as some may say it is and “Americans of all races and all backgrounds” are outraged by both “the inexcusable attacks on police,” and “the larger, persistent problem of   and Latinos being treated differently in our criminal justice system. ”  Obama said, “America is not as divided as some have suggested. Americans of all races and all backgrounds are rightly outraged by the inexcusable attacks on police, whether it’s in Dallas, or any place else. That includes protesters. It includes family members, who have grave concerns about police conduct.   …     There’s no division there. And Americans of all races and all backgrounds are also rightly saddened and angered about the deaths of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile, and about the larger, persistent problem of   and Latinos being treated differently in our criminal justice system. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett LONDON (Reuters)  —   Britain’s FTSE 100 erased all its   losses on Wednesday fuelled by a late afternoon surge led by energy and financials shares. [The index closed at its highest level since April, finishing 3. 6 percent higher, at 6, 360. 06 points.  The rise lifted it above last Thursday’s close of 6, 338. 10, posted before it slumped as much as 8. 7 percent after Britain voted to leave the EU. The UK midcaps index which comprises more domestically focused companies is still nearly 8 percent below its close before the vote. Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz has released a new ad attacking rival Donald Trump over Planned Parenthood. [The ad opens up with footage and news clips of Planned Parenthood staffers discussing the profit they make from selling aborted fetuses.   It then shows Trump saying, “Planned Parenthood serves a good function. ” It then shows Fox News anchor Sean Hannity asking Trump, “With the debt we have, should we even give them a penny?” “We have to look at the positive,” Trump says. BEIRUT (AP)  —   An Islamic   media outlet says the man who barreled his truck into a crowd in the French coastal city of Nice is a “soldier” of the group. [advertisement Bill Clinton was heckled Saturday in Milwaukee with chants of “you’re a rapist. ”[Clinton taunted Trump, saying, “They had a bad day yesterday, so they’re trying to make it up,” referring to the Billy Bush lewd banter Access Hollywood video featuring Trump.  VIDEO: Bill Clinton reacts to a heckler shouting ”you’re a rapist” during a Milwaukee rally. ”They had a bad day yesterday,” he says. pic. twitter.   —   Geoff Bennett (@GeoffRBennett) October 8, 2016,  A young man recently got into the background on Fox and Friends to shout “Bill Clinton is a rapist” repeatedly.  advertisement On Friday’s “McLaughlin Group,” the Daily Beast’s Eleanor Clift argued, “these easy declarations that we should declare war, would actually play right into the hands of the ISIS fanatics. ”  Clift said, “[A]ll of these easy declarations that we should declare war, would actually play right into the hands of the ISIS fanatics. That’s exactly what they want. They want to show the world that the West has declared war on them. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Kanye West announced to a stunned crowd in San Jose that if he had voted in this year’s presidential election he would have cast his vote for Donald Trump. [This statement earned Kanye many boos and much anger from the crowd. It also earned some boos and anger on Twitter. Keith Olbermann, a   sportscaster who has worked for every reputable news outlet in America, and MSNBC, retweeted and quoted a story about Kanye’s belated support for   Trump and included a dire warning:  Sharp move: a) end career b) and then you’ll be prosecuted by the new racist AG for  …    confessing to not voting for Fuhrer Trump. https:  .   —   Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) November 18, 2016,  In fairness, as the most fired   anchor in the history of sportscasters or news anchors, someone flushing their career down the drain is something Keith Olbermann knows an awful lot about. Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn   tactical RPG XCOM 2 is available exclusively for PC now. Wednesday told on Fox News, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s running mate Indiana Gov. Mike Pence ( ) said while Trump has not endorsed Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) in his primary race he did “strongly encourage,” Pence to support his long time friend.  Pence said, “I strongly support Paul Ryan. I endorse his reelection. He is a long time friend. He is a strong conservative leader. ” He added, “I talked to Donald Trump this morning about my support for Paul Ryan and our long time friendship. He strongly encouraged me to endorses Paul Ryan in next Tuesday primary and I’m pleased to do it. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN NEW YORK (AP)  —   In television news, a telephone interview is typically frowned upon. Donald Trump’s fondness for them is changing habits and causing consternation in newsrooms, while challenging political traditions. [advertisement .@BillNye: Louisiana’s eroding coastline ”is a result of climate change, it’s only going to get worse” https:  .  On Tuesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “New Day,” Bill Nye “the Science Guy” told host Chris Cuomo that he sees the devastating flooding in Louisiana as a product of   climate change.  “For us, on my side of this  —   this is a result of climate change,” Nye said. “It’s only going to get worse. ” “I don’t have the answer to this except it is going to get worse,” he added. “It almost certainly will get worse. Everybody  —   as the ocean gets warmer, which it is getting, it expands. Water gets  —   the molecules spread apart and then as the sea surface gets warmer, more water evaporates. And so it is very reasonable that these storms are connected to these big effects. So what will probably happen is people will move. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor LONDON, United Kingdom  —   Given the furore about the EU referendum result from those who either didn’t vote, or couldn’t believe that the majority of the country felt different to them, you’d have thought there would have been a decent turnout at a   Union membership protest in Parliament Square today. [Alas only around 50 people turned up (fewer than huddle around during a Farage pub stop) to demand an overturning of the result of the European Union referendum.  Dear kiddies moaning over the #euref result. Try voting next time k? pic. twitter.   —   Raheem Kassam (@RaheemKassam) June 25, 2016,  Data reveals that less than 36 per cent of   year olds voted in the referendum, but that hasn’t stopped them starting an online petition (far easier than getting up and going to vote) to try and over turn the referendum result. PICTURES:  Pictures copyright Rachel   London During Monday night’s   game, a young fan ran on the court and hugged Knicks star forward Carmelo Anthony.  Anthony handled it well, giving the kid a nice pat on the head. The kid then casually ran back to the stands, seemingly without getting in any backlash. “I was shocked. I didn’t really know who was it until I actually looked over and saw that it was a kid. ” Anthony told ESPN. “Definitely a security issue, though, for sure. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton plans to attack the “ ” during a speech in Reno, Nevada, on Thursday. [In a statement to reporters, Clinton’s campaign promised Clinton would “deliver a speech to address Donald Trump and his advisers’ embrace of the disturbing ‘ ’ political philosophy. ”  “This ‘ ’ brand is embracing extremism and presenting a divisive and dystopian view of America which should concern all Americans, regardless of party,” the campaign wrote. Clinton’s preview demonstrates that she will attempt to alienate and exclude “ ” groups of Trump supporters as   and white nationalist racists. Her campaign suggested that Trump’s political views and temperament are “dangerous” for the country’s future. “Clinton will contrast Donald Trump’s divisive views and dangerous temperament with her vision of an America that is stronger together and where everyone has a role to play in the future,” the statement read. Breitbart Tech Editor Milo Yiannopoulos is set to debate controversial feminist Julie Bindel at the University of Michigan. The event begins at 7pm EST.[  The debate topic is entitled “Does feminism have a free speech problem?” and is to run for two hours. The event is hosted by university news outlet The Michigan Review, and the official live video stream is available above. Yiannopoulos and Bindel were previously arranged to debate at the University of Manchester last year, but were both banned from attending the campus by the college’s student union for reportedly going against the “Safe Space Policy. ” Charlie Nash is a contributor to Breitbart Tech and former editor of the Squid Magazine. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington. From Andy McCarthy in National Review:  Is Donald Trump the sharia of American politics? I’m having trouble finding much daylight between Islamic law’s repressive blasphemy standards and the mogul’s   sense of privilege. None of us wants to be insulted or smeared. But sharia forbids not only ridicule or slander against Islam it bans any examination that casts Islam in an unflattering light. Worse, truth is not a defense: Even if one’s questions are based on undeniable past actions or verbatim quotes from scripture, tough questioning is considered blasphemous. Retribution, moreover, is often completely out of proportion to the scale of the perceived “offense. ” How is Trump different? Read the rest of the article here. President Barack Obama plans to seek a resolution from the United Nations to ban the testing of nuclear weapons, bypassing Congress to do so. [According to a report from the Washington Post’s Josh Rogin, Obama officials have briefed congressional leaders and staffers to push for the action prior to the presidential election.  Republicans are furious that Obama is trying to achieve another national security milestone outside of Congress, according to Rogin. The treaty was signed by former President Bill Clinton’s administration, but the Senate refused to ratify it. The last nuclear test by the United States was conducted in 1992. https:  . armscontrol.            %20 On Thursday, Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton accused the campaign of her opponent Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) of lying about her in a a video posted by environmental activist group Greenpeace.  “I am so sick of the Sanders campaign lying about me. I’m sick of it,” Clinton said. Clinton’s reaction was inspired by a question directed to her about taking donations from the fossil fuel industry and if whether or not she would reject their campaign contributions in the future. Clinton in the past has been confronted by environmental activist during this election season. Back in February, she downplayed a $150, 000 donation she received from fossil fuel interests. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor A    man named Domenick Hoy has been arrested and charged with aggravated assault, among other charges, after he sucker punched a Pittsburgh police officer. [An incident report says a Pittsburg officer was sitting in his parked police cruiser when he noticed Hoy running and screaming. The officer asked Hoy what was wrong and was subsequently punched in the face.  Police say Hoy yelled, “Black Lives Matter,” while resisting arrest. Hoy will remain in jail until his April 7 preliminary hearing. Other than a broken nose, the officer did not sustain further injuries. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudson PISCATAWAY, N. J. (AP)  —   President Barack Obama on Sunday urged college graduates to shun those who want to confront a rapidly changing world by building walls around the United States or by embracing ignorance, as he delivered a sharp and barely concealed critique of Donald Trump. [advertisement Monday on NPR’s “On Point,” while discussing what will Fox News will look like without Roger Ailes, Breitbart News editor Matthew Boyle said Breitbart News Network has been experiencing “explosive growth. ”  Boyle said, “Yeah look, we have seen explosive growth at Breitbart over the course of this year. In fact, our last month was the best month in the history of the company here at Breitbart News. We had 192 million page views.   million unique visitors. We are booming in    growth. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Wednesday on CNBC’s “Squawk Box,”   Donald Trump’s transition adviser Kellyanne Conway said now that Trump has a   Congress, there was “no excuse” to not “makes good on all of his promises as president. ”  Conway said, “If Donald Trump succeeds, he makes good on all of his promises as president. In the first 100 days, you have a roaring economy again. And the answers were there at all times. It just takes will, and it takes leadership. And now that he has Congress across the Hill here, guys, there’s really no excuse to not get it done. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Sunday on MSNBC while reacting to FBI Director James Comey announcing after a review of emails found on Anthony Weiner’s laptop, the FBI’s July conclusion that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton will not be charged with a crime has not changed, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said Comey “mishandled the investigation” into Clinton’s  Hillary Clinton’s use of a private unsecured email server during her tenure as secretary of state,  Conway said, “I immediately thought that he’s mishandled the investigation from the beginning and this proves it yet again. In other words, why the dribs and drabs? Why the investigation is over no, it’s not I was just kidding, or we’re not pressing charges but let me go to Congress two days later and testify under oath all the things she did wrong that might lead a different prosecutor to press charges. ” On Tuesday’s”CNN Newsroom,” anchor Brooke Baldwin asserted that “there already are are term limits” on members of Congress.  Baldwin said, “[L]et me just relay this to everyone, that apparently, from the Trump camp, there is another major announcement that Trump will make today as part of his pledge to ‘drain the swamp,’ we keep hearing ‘drain the swamp’ in Washington. He says, ‘If I’m elected president, I will push for a constitutional amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congress,’ correct me, there already are term limits, so what does he mean? (  Washington Free Beacon) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Hundreds of Bernie Sanders supporters took to the streets of Philadelphia to show their disdain for presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton by chanting while marching, “Hell no, DNC, we won’t vote for Hillary!”  (  Real Clear Politics) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Here is the   from Stillwater. #okstate pic. twitter.  Saturday, Central Michigan took down   Oklahoma State on the final play of the game.  After a penalty gave Central Michigan an untimed down as the last play of the game, CMU quarterback Cooper Rush threw up a hail mary to wide receiver Jesse Kroll. Kroll caught the ball around the 10 yard line and then lateraled the ball back to Corey Willis. Willis then ran around defenders and into the end zone to lead the Chippewas to a   victory over the Cowboys. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent If @GovMikeHuckabee had his way, we’d get rid of the UN. ..do you agree? pic. twitter.  During Tuesday’s “Fox  Friends,” former Gov. Mike Huckabee ( ) suggested taking a jackhammer to the United Nations after the Security Council voted to condemn Israeli settlements.  “I think we ought to get jackhammers and we ought to jackhammer the whole thing off, float it into the East River,” Huckabee said. “Ask anybody who would like to host it, to come pick it up, haul it off. And it’ll be a lot easier to park in Manhattan after we get rid of it. ” (  The Hill) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent On Friday, HBO’s “Real Time” host Bill Maher, who is supporting Democratic presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) but has previously dismissed the story about Clinton’s emails, said that Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s email conduct “wasn’t good. ” And that the Clintons can’t “fool rubes” like they did in Arkansas.  Maher stated of the email scandal that the State Department IG’s report “wasn’t good. ” Adding, “Now, like with all Clinton scandals, what they actually do is never that bad.   …     It’s always how they handle it. And I think what the problem is, is that these two cut their teeth in Arkansas, and they got used to being able to fool rubes  …    easily, and it doesn’t work that way in DC. ” Earlier, while interviewing Sanders, Maher said, “I still don’t think she committed some horrible crime, but that story has moved a little bit, has it not?” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett President Obama again tangled with a “Bill Clinton Is A Rapist” protester, after the man interrupted his rally in Cleveland, Ohio for Hillary Clinton. [Wearing a Bill Clinton shirt with the word “rapist” on the front, the man shouted “Bill Clinton is a rapist!” as Obama was speaking.  “Don’t be interrupting everybody. C’mon. C’mon sir,” Obama said before leading a ‘Hillary Hillary Hillary!’ chant with the crowd of supporters. Obama admitted that he has noticed that the protest was going on “everywhere” and again told them to get their own rallies. “If you’re confident about the other guy, just go to his rallies,” Obama said. He told the protester to go knock on doors for Trump, instead of interrupting his speech. “  …    unless you’re just being paid to be here,” Obama added wryly. “In which case, hey, you know, everybody gotta to make a living. ” A lawyer in Ted Cruz’s home state of Texas has filed a lawsuit to challenge the Senator’s status as a “  citizen” and thus his eligibility to run for President. [From Bloomberg Politics:  Republican presidential contender Ted Cruz should be disqualified from the race because he isn’t a “  citizen,” a fellow Texan claims in a “birther” challenge filed against the senator in a U. S. court. The suit seeks a court definition of the term to clarify whether Cruz  —   who was born in Canada to an American mother  —   can or can’t serve if elected. “This   question has never been pled, presented to or finally decided by or resolved by the U. S. Supreme Court,” Houston attorney Newton B. Schwartz Sr. said in his   complaint. “Only the U. S. Supreme Court can finally decide, determine judicially and settle this issue now. ” Read the rest of the story here.   Not only does Erick Erickson want Mitt Romney to restart a search for a   candidate to challenge Donald Trump, he also wants Romney to consider being that person. The conservative blogger wrote for The Resurgent on Friday that he would “gladly work for a Romney Presidency given the choices between” Democratic   Hillary Clinton and Trump. Erickson, who has said he would never vote for Trump, opposed Romney during his previous presidential runs. On Wednesday, Yahoo News reported that Romney has ruled out an independent bid for president and is not trying to get any other Republicans to take up the mantle despite remaining hopeful for someone else to surface. “I opposed Romney in 2008 and 2012, but I think the time has come for Mitt Romney,” Erickson wrote. “I can’t believe I’m even writing this. But seriously, Mitt Romney should run for President again and transcend party for the good of the country. Read the rest of the story. Sunday on on ABC’s “This Week,” Republican presidential nominee Donald  Trump’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway called Trump’s opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is the most “joyless candidate in presidential political history. ”  Conway said, “I’m glad he’s transparent about a number of things. And we’re certainly running against the least accountable, least transparent, I think joyless candidate in presidential political history. ” Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) says he would pardon David Daleiden, the man who filmed the undercover videos that exposed Planned Parenthood’s alleged practice of selling aborted fetuses. [From Life News: Cruz made the pledge after he was asked about David Daleiden’s case Wednesday night on the Fox News program the Kelly File. “Yes,” Cruz said firmly. “As a Texan, as a Houstonian, I was deeply dismayed and disappointed to see the Harris County district attorney bringing criminal charges against someone who went undercover to expose what appears to be vast criminal conduct by Planned Parenthood. I think he did an incredible public service. ” “I’ve pledged on the very first day in office to open an investigation into Planned Parenthood and to prosecute any and all criminal conduct by that organization. ”   Donald Trump invited former failed Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney to dinner as he is considering the former Massachusetts governor for a position in his administration. [The pair was joined by Trump’s chief of staff pick, Reince Priebus.  The   allowed the media to photograph the occasion and even released the menu of the dinner at New York City restaurant   to the press pool. The trio dined on young garlic soup with thyme and sautéed frog legs for an appetizer and diver scallops with caramelized cauliflower and a caper raisin emulsion. Trump and Priebus had prime sirloin with a citrus glaze and carrots while Romney had lamb chops with mushroom bolognese sauce. It remains unclear whether Romney will serve in Trump’s administration as Secretary of State, although he reportedly wants the job. Friday at 8 p. m. ET, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will hold a campaign rally at the Pensacola Bay Center in Pensacola, FL.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Some of the internet’s most popular services, including Twitter, Spotify, SoundCloud, AirBnB, and Reddit, were taken offline Friday by a major   across the internet. [The suspension of services mostly took place across the east coast of the U. S. and lasted for roughly two hours before services were restored. However, some services are still encountering connection difficulties.  Internet service providers Dyn confirmed the attack on their servers Friday morning. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com  Thursday on ESPN Radio’s “Dan Le Batard Show,” ESPN NFL draft guru Mel Kiper Jr. spoke with   Jon “Stugotz” Weiner about last week’s NFL combine and the upcoming NFL draft, much to the chagrin of Dan Le Batard.  Le Batard, who appeared bored during the Kiper interview, eventually got up and walked out of the studio. Kiper was asked if he would come back for the next segment and said only if Le Batard would ask him a question and “shows a little interest in what we do here. ” “Le Batard, what’s the deal, man?” Kiper asked. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Sen. Marco Rubio expresses his faith in God and the value of strong values in a new ad going up in Iowa soon. It is his latest attempt to appeal to evangelical voters in the state. [“I believe you can’t have a strong America without strong families. I believe in the fundamental freedoms that make us great. And I believe in God that God has blessed America,” Rubio says in the ad provided exclusively to Breitbart News.   “I’m Marco Rubio. I approved this message because it’s time for a president who will put their left hand on the Bible and their right hand in the air, and keep their promise to uphold the Constitution,” he says. “It’s been eight years since we have had a president willing to do that. I will. ” Friday in Burlingame, California, protesters at the California Republican Convention kicked down barriers and stormed the front of venue in an unsuccessful attempt to block Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump from being able to give his speech to the convention.  Trump entered the venue from the rear moments later. Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN (REUTERS)  —   British companies continued to grow modestly in the three months to November and are expected to keep up that pace into 2017, a survey showed on Sunday, chiming with a resilient picture for the British economy so far since June’s EU referendum vote. [The survey by the Confederation of British Industry’s (CBI) showed private sector growth gathered a little bit of speed compared with the three months to October.  Retailers and   firms said sale volumes edged higher, reflecting how many British households have continued to spend after the Brexit vote in June. (Read more from Reuters here)   From the New York Times‘ Jeremy Peters and Maggie Haberman:[advertisement GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) appeared to walk back his campaign spokesman’s earlier comments about Gov. Sarah Palin’s expected endorsement of GOP frontrunner Donald Trump in Ames, Iowa on Tuesday evening. [Cruz posted on Twitter:  I love @SarahPalinUSA Without her support, I wouldn’t be in the Senate. Regardless of what she does in 2016, I will always be a big fan.  —   Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) January 19, 2016, Earlier Tuesday morning, Cruz’s spokesman, Rick Tyler, said he thinks endorsing Trump would “be a blow to Sarah Palin” during an appearance on CNN. Tyler said, “Because Sarah Palin has been a champion for the conservative cause, and if she was going to endorse Donald Trump, sadly, she would be endorsing someone who’s held progressive views all their life on the sanctity of life, on marriage, on   abortion. ” “If it’s Sarah Palin, let me just say that I would be deeply disappointed,” Tyler stated. Friday on ABC’s “The View,” while discussing a Harvard University forum Thursday where top members of both the Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton presidential campaigns got into heated exchanges,   Joy Behar explained that Clinton supporters are being sore losers, saying, “We’re sore losers because it wasn’t won legitimately, as far as I’m concerned. ”  Behar said, “Yes, we’re sore losers, because a lot of the reason he won is based on the racism, the Russian hacking, lies, continuous lying that went on, and the intrusion of the FBI at the last minute there. All of that seems to have basically distorted the whole election. So, yeah, we’re sore losers because it wasn’t won legitimately, as far as I’m concerned. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Jersey City police say the father of a    posing for a picture with the Easter bunny became physically and verbally violent after the toddler slipped off the Easter bunny’s knee. [A video of the unsavory event went viral on Twitter Sunday.  The clip shows what appears to be a brawl between the Easter bunny and patrons of the Newport Centre in Jersey City, New Jersey. Easter bunny throwin the hands @ Newport Lmfaoo pt1 pic. twitter.   —   Kev (@2jrb123) March 20, 2016,  Jersey City spokeswoman Jennifer Morrill said both the father and the    man inside the Easter bunny suit were hospitalized and treated for minor injuries. The police are currently investigating the incident. So far, no charges have been filed. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson. Monday at the Detroit Economic Club, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump mocked the protesters who repeatedly interrupted his speech by claiming they were low energy compared to Sen Bernie Sanders ( ) for president supporters. Tuesday at a press conference at Trump Tower in New York City, while explaining his contributions to veterans’ charities, presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump got into several heated exchanges with the press even calling one of the reporters a “sleaze. ”  Trump said, “What I don’t want is when I raise millions of dollars, have people say —   like this sleazy guy right over here from ABC, he’s a sleaze in my book. ” ABC’s Tom Llamas asked, “Why am I a sleaze?” Trump answered, “You’re a sleaze because you know the facts and you know the facts well. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN At the start of the Democratic National Convention, members of the crowd began booing the invocation and chanting “Bernie!” when the leader of the invocation, Rev. Dr. Cynthia Hale, mentioned the name of presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.  Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett EASTMAN, Ga. (AP)  —   Authorities say a police officer in a small, central Georgia city has been shot and killed by a suspect who remains on the loose.  Special agent Scott Whitley of the Georgia Bureau of Investigations tells The Associated Press that Eastman Patrol Officer Tim Smith was fatally shot about 9:30 p. m. Saturday in a residential area of the city located about 60 miles southeast of Macon. Whitley says Smith was responding to a suspicious person call when he encountered the suspect, exited his patrol car and was shot. The suspect fled the scene. Whitley says Smith was in his early 30s but no further information about him was immediately available. He says an unidentified suspect is being sought and an investigation is ongoing. Smith was not wearing a body camera. Video has surfaced from the Cincinnati Zoo of Harambe the gorilla and the    boy who fell into the enclosure.  In the video, Harambe grabs the boy by his leg and takes off running, dragging the boy across the exhibit’s moat as onlookers yelled in horror. After around a   break, the   gorilla grabbed the boy and sprinted off again. Harambe was shot dead for hospitalizing the boy with serious injuries. (  Daily Mail) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo,   On Friday’s broadcast of “MSNBC Live,” Representative Steve Cohen ( ) argued, “The American public’s in for a rocky ride, and hopefully, mother earth can survive the next four years. ”  Cohen said of   Trump, “[T]he big question is, does he have the temperament to have the nuclear codes? And that’s going to be dependent, as Bob Gates said, on who his advisers are and if he listens to them. I’m afraid he doesn’t. I’m afraid he’s too impulsive.   …      The American public’s in for a rocky ride, and hopefully, mother earth can survive the next four years. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett White House press secretary Josh Earnest confirmed reports that President Barack Obama hasn’t called Republican governor of Florida Rick Scott after the terrorist attack at a gay club in Orlando, Florida on Sunday. [Scott indicated on Fox and Friends this morning that he had received a call from Donald Trump and from former President George W. Bush since the attacks.  Earnest said that “senior White House officials” had been in touch with Governor Scott and that Obama had called Orlando mayor Buddy Dyer. He added that if Scott wanted to see Obama, he would have the opportunity to meet him when the president arrives in Florida at the airport during his visit to Orlando on Thursday. “As we always do, we will invite the governor to be a part of the president’s arrival,” Obama said. “And hopefully, the president will have the opportunity to see Governor Scott there. ” Later Earnest added that “hopefully” Scott would be there to greet Obama. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is fundraising off of Donald Trump’s assertion that she was simply playing the “woman card” to win the presidency. [“Well, if fighting for women’s healthcare and paid family leave and equal pay is playing the woman card, then Deal. Me. In,” she said during her victory rally in Pennsylvania.  Now her campaign is fundraising off her remark, selling pink plastic cards that look like credit cards with a woman on them. Hillary Clinton’s Woman Card,  “Donate to get your official woman card,” the website reads. It is unclear how the owner can “deal me in” with a deck of these cards. A clear majority of voters prefer the FBI back prosecution of Hillary Clinton, according to a July 5 poll conducted by Rasmussen Reports. [The poll was taken after FBI director James Comey said July 5 that the FBI would not urge Clinton’s prosecution for her very careless handling of classified government information.  Thirty seven percent of likely voters agree with the FBI’s decision to not urge prosecution, but 54 percent disagreed with the FBI decision to not seek an indictment of Clinton, according to Rasmussen. Even 25 percent of Democrats oppose the FBI’s decision to not urge indictment, said Rasmussen. Ten percent of the 1, 000 contacted likely voters said they were undecided. Among   63 percent oppose the FBI’s decision. While campaigning for her son in New Hampshire, Barbara Bush said she thinks Jeb Bush is “too polite. ”[“I love my son and I know that America needs him,” Barbara Bush told CBS News’ Norah O’Donnell. “He’s honest, dependable, loyal, relatively funny! Good looking, but funny. ”  “He’s got the same values that America seems to have lost.   …     He’s almost too polite,” she added. “I don’t advise him, but if I gave him advice: I would say, ‘Why don’t you interrupt like the other people do? ’” “I’ve gotten better at interrupting, mom, come on,” Jeb Bush responded to his mother’s statement. “You mean interrupt during the debates?” O’Donnell asked. “Yes. He’s so polite. We brought him up that way,” Mrs. Bush replied. “And he does not brag like some people we know. ” “Who are you talking about?” O’Donnell asked. “I can’t remember,” Mrs. Bush said. “You can say it,” Jeb Bush said, chuckling. The Times of Israel reports: An Israeli man was wounded Wednesday night in a terror stabbing at a gas station outside the West Bank settlement of Givat Ze’ev, north of Jerusalem. [The victim was treated by medical teams at the scene. The Magen David Adom   service said he was stabbed in the upper body and moderately to severely wounded. He was rushed to the Shaare Zedek Medical Center in Jerusalem for further treatment, police said.  Witnesses at the scene said the suspected terrorist attempted to flee the area, but was caught by civilians who alerted security personnel. According to police, the Palestinian terror suspect was subdued and arrested by security forces. His weapon remained at the scene (pictured) until investigators arrived. Nati Ostri, a volunteer for the Hatzalah rescue service who treated the victim, said police arrived in force immediately after the attack and prevented the stabber from attacking others. Read more at the Times of Israel NBS News reports:  Just days before Easter,   reared its ugly head again  —   this time in   fliers that suddenly showed up in campus printers at a dozen universities across the country. “White Man are you sick and tired of The Jews,” the hateful message begins on the   missive that is adorned with swastikas and includes the web address for a   group. The fliers were found at universities ranging from DePaul University in Chicago to the University of Massachusetts in Amherst to UCLA out in Los Angeles, according to the   League and various published reports. “We don’t know whether this was timed to Easter, or not,” said the ADL’s Todd Gutnick. DePaul University said it suspects their printers were hacked are now taking steps to secure them from future breaches. Read the full story. Breitbart’s Milo Yiannopoulos discusses Twitter’s declaration of war on conservative media. [The discussion with host Stephen K. Bannon on Breitbart News Daily encompasses the growing suppression of Conservative free speech in social media.  The entire interview can be heard below:  On the Saturday broadcast of “Justice” on Fox News Channel, host Judge Jeanine Pirro went after the GOP establishment, who she noted is still trying to keep GOP   Donald Trump from getting the nomination.  Pirro argued ignoring the people’s votes and choosing someone else as a nominee would be “ ” of the establishment. “The Republicans actually take the cake. They are not even hiding what they plan to do. They are about to change the rules, ignore the votes of people who waited in line for hours and invalidate the votes of people who have never voted before, and put in a candidate they think is good for them. Whatever happened to your vote matters? Not only is that infuriating, it is ” said Pirro. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Tuesday at a press conference before a campaign rally in Milford, NH, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump responded to a question about his opponent Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) pertaining to the    between he and Cruz.  During his response, Trump referenced the Cruz campaign’s effort to suggest at precincts throughout Iowa that fellow competitor Ben Carson was dropping out of the race for the Republican presidential nomination. “He insulted Ben Carson by doing what he did to Ben Carson,” Trump said. “That was a disgrace. And he insulted the people of Iowa by doing a voter violation form that nobody’s even seen before, which was disgraceful. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor From Reuters:[The overseers of the U. S. intelligence community have not embraced a CIA assessment that Russian cyber attacks were aimed at helping Republican   Donald Trump win the 2016 election, three American officials said on Monday.  While the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) does not dispute the CIA’s analysis of Russian hacking operations, it has not endorsed their assessment because of a lack of conclusive evidence that Moscow intended to boost Trump over Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton, said the officials, who declined to be named. The position of the ODNI, which oversees the 17   U. S. intelligence community, could give Trump fresh ammunition to dispute the CIA assessment, which he rejected as “ridiculous” in weekend remarks, and press his assertion that no evidence implicates Russia in the cyber attacks. For the rest of the article, click here. The Daily Mail reports: Former Vice President Al Gore is responding to reports that hadn’t endorsed Hillary Clinton yet. [“I am not able to attend this year’s Democratic convention,” Gore said in a statement. “But I will be voting for Hillary Clinton. ”  Gore cited Clinton’s experience as a reason he supported her, but also praised her for recognizing the dangers of global warming. He also seemed to be responding to questions about his loyalty to the Clinton family. “Given her qualifications and experience  —   and given the significant challenges facing our nation and the world, including, especially, the global climate crisis, I encourage everyone else to do the same,” he said, after revealing his decision to vote for Clinton. Clinton’s doctor says her physical exam was “normal,” she’s in “excellent mental condition” https:  .  https:  .  On Wednesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “The Lead,” CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta said the release of medical documents by Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is “certainly not a release of medical records by any means. ”  Gupta said, “This is not a  —   this is certainly not a release of medical records by any means. This is very similar in some ways to what we got July of last year. There may be more coming, it’s a little bit unclear. ” (  The Right Scoop) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Hillary Clinton could have bought a   chunk of New York real estate with the $1. 2 billion that she raised and spent for her losing election, according to a new report by the New York Post. [In contrast, Donald Trump raised and spent $600 million in his narrow and shocking victory. That budget includes $66 million of his own cash.  Trump’s 63 million widely distributed votes cost him roughly $9. 50 each. Her 65. 5 million   votes each cost roughly $18. 32. According to the Post: Clinton’s expensive machine tore through $131. 8 million in just the final weeks, finishing with about $839, 000 on hand as of Nov. 28. Team Trump spent $94. 5 million in the home stretch  —   from Oct. 20 to Nov. 28  —   and had $7. 6 million left. The figures include all spending by the campaigns, PACs and party committees. Read it all here. A woman has died after a masked man wielding a knife and a   shotgun stormed a retirement home for Catholic Monks in Montpellier in the South of France. [According to local news sources, armed police scrambled to the Maison de Retraite des Missions Africaines on Thursday night.  “An individual, who was masked and armed with a knife and a   shotgun came into the retirement home where 70 monks live,” a source told Agence France Presse. Police have said there is as yet no evidence to suggest the attack is   but it comes just months after Islamic State supporters murdered a priest in Rouen. The gunman is believed to have been wearing a hood, entering the home at around 9:45pm local time. “A supervisor inside the building raised the alarm very discreetly,” the Mail reports a local police source as having commented. The victim was stabbed and found gagged and bound outside the home, French police said. Wednesday on CNN, network political director David Chalian discussed the potential controversy over Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) a candidate for the Republican presidential nomination, and his eligibility to be president of the United States.  Chalian said that although Cruz would probably be shown to be eligible if it were ever tested in court, it isn’t proven law. “[N]ow where he was wrong in his comments, is when he says that it is settled law,” Chalian said. “It’s not actually settled law. The preponderance of legal analysts have looked at this and said, ‘Hey, if this gets tested in court, Ted Cruz would be likely to win this.’ I mean, they think it’s how it will be interpreted, that he is a   citizen. But it isn’t settled law yet because it hasn’t actually been tested. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos appeared on ABC Nightline to discuss his Twitter ban, Leslie Jones, and why trolling is a good thing. [“With my name calling and with my provocation and with my bad manners, you know I think actually Americas had enough of nice manners. ”  “If my rudeness creates conversation, my rudeness provokes people into first of all saying “oh what a monster blah blah blah” and then twenty percent of people start talking about what I was actually saying I will consider my career to be a terrific success” “Trolling is very important, trolling is absolutely essential, America needs more trolling because trolls are the only people that tell the truth these days” Watch the full clip below:  Columnist Pat Buchanan wondered, “What is the matter with this country?” While commenting on strained relations between the US and Russia on Friday’s “McLaughlin Group. ”  Buchanan said Putin is “a tough autocratic ruler of Russia. We  —   they’ve always had that. Every tsar has been that, and we can’t get along with these people? What is the matter with this country?” Buchanan later added, in response to criticism of Putin’s territorial ventures outside of Russia “The Crimea is closer to him than Puerto Rico is to us. ” And “What are we doing giving war guarantees to the three little Baltic countries?” After he was accused of defending Putin, Buchanan responded that he wasn’t, but “You’ve got to deal with the guy, as one of the people in the world. ” Buchanan further stated, “Putin is an ally of ours against ISIS. He doesn’t give  —   have any problem with us bombing ISIS. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett A credible threat to MILO’s event and Florida Atlantic University students has forced the cancellation of the Breitbart editor’s scheduled talk today. [According to the FAU Police Department, student organizers received a communication threatening to bring firearms to the talk or plant explosives at the venue.  Threats were also made to FAU students. The threat was relayed to the F. B. I, which after investigation deemed it to be credible. The F. B. I. contacted Florida Atlantic University this morning recommending cancellation of the event and the university took the decision to pull MILO’s event. MILO was due to give a lecture this evening entitled, “How Feminism Hurts Women. ” It is not clear who is responsible for the threat. Yesterday, the   and white supremacist website The Daily Stormer called yesterday for a “holy crusade” against the “kike” Milo, encouraging its readers to attend and disrupt MILO events. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton laughed off questions from reporters about her health, while standing in the rope line after a campaign rally in Cleveland, Ohio. [In a Vine video, MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell says she asked Clinton to comment on her health as she was taking selfies with supporters.  Clinton, who appeared to be enjoying herself, turned toward Mitchell and laughed.  Does presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump regret calling Sen. Elizabeth Warren Pocahontas? [He does.  During an interview with Fox News host Bill O’Reilly, Trump addressed the nickname he used for the Massachusetts senator. “I do regret calling her Pocahontas because I think it’s a tremendous insult to Pocahontas  —   so to Pocahontas I would like to apologize to you,” Trump said.  Warren claimed Native American heritage while she was a professor in Harvard  —   even though there is no evidence that she has any connections in her ancestry. Trump referred to Warren as Pocahontas during a press conference in North Dakota, prompting reporters to inform him that it was “very offensive. ”  Despite all the White House hype promising that last night’s State of the Union would be different, early ratings show that America just isn’t all that into their failed president, even though this was his farewell State of the Union. If these numbers hold, last night will be the lowest State of the Union audeince ever for Obama. The previous low was last year.  With an average audience of 18. 1 million watching the 9  —   10 PM coverage on ABC, CBS, FOX and NBC, Obama’s speech was down 8% from last year’s January 20 talk to Congress. Heading into the twilight of his term in office that continues the POTUS downward viewership trend. Obama’s 2015 SOTU was down 7% from his 2014 speech in the early Big 4 audience averages  —   which was down from the year before. In the final viewership numbers, the 2015 speech ended up being a SOTU low for the President  —   which we could see as the case this year. Final ratings will be released later today. This week on “Saturday Night Live,” Kate McKinnon as Donald Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway brought in “Breaking Bad” character Walter White, played by actor Bryan Cranston, as Head of DEA for Trump’s cabinet.  Beck Bennett in the role of CNN’s Jake Tapper asked White where Trump chief strategist and former Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon found him, which he replies, “Under the comments section at Breitbart. ” Asked if he knows anything about drug enforcement, White, a drug manufacturer and dealer on “Breaking Bad,” says, “Trust me, I know the DEA better than anyone, inside and out. ” White says he likes Trump’s “style,” and agrees with the border wall because it will mean less competition for the drug dealer. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Prosecutors in Palm Beach County say that Michelle Fields denied touching Donald Trump before she was grabbed by Corey Lewandowski but they concluded that surveillance video showed the opposite was true.  Prosecutors said during Thursday’s press conference that Michelle Fields made physical contact with Donald Trump before Corey Lewandowski touched her, but denied it during their conversations with her. Breitbart News    Alex Marlow and MILO will debut a live   show, “Marlopoulos” at George Washington University tonight at 5:30 PM (EST). [The discussion between MILO and Marlow will cover a range of topics including the recent Presidential debates, the runup to the election, and the implications of either a Trump or a Clinton victory.  The event can be watched live below at the scheduled time.  Hayley Peterson writes at the Business Insider:  Target is facing a nationwide backlash for its support of transgender rights. More than 1. 2 million people have signed a pledge to boycott the retailer after it announced last month that it would welcome transgender customers to use any bathroom or fitting room that matches their gender identity. Critics have been holding protests and demonstrations at stores across the country, and they are showing no signs of dying down. Many are demanding access to bathrooms of the opposite sex to support claims that “perverts” can now prey on children and women as a result of the policy. The boycotters’ goal is to force Target to reverse its policy, or at least make the retailer suffer for it by spending their money elsewhere. Read the rest of the story here. The Democratic National Committee (DNC) cut together a campaign of two hip spokeskids reading headlines from Breitbart News and recoiling at how offensive they find our words.[  After watching the video, Breitbart News    Alex Marlow said, “Typical Democrats. They were too lazy to find our inflammatory headlines. ”   PHILADELPHIA, Pennsylvania  —   Green presidential candidate Dr. Jill Stein has been drawing huge crowds outside the DNC convention while keeping a busy schedule. [Thousands of protesters covered in memorabilia from the defunct campaign of Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders are vowing not to fall in line behind the Democrat nominee, Hillary Clinton.  At a massive rally organized by Black Men for Bernie outside the Democrat National Convention, Breitbart News asked Bernie supporters who they were voting for. Their responses could mean trouble for the unity narrative Democrats and Senator Sanders have tried to establish.  LAREDO, Texas  —   Two Los Zetas cartel smugglers and seven illegal aliens were caught by Breitbart Texas crossing the shallow Rio Grande. The smugglers and their human cargo had set foot on U. S. soil in an unsecured portion of the border between Laredo, Texas, and Nuevo Laredo, Mexico —  the headquarters of the brutal Mexican cartel, Los Zetas. The smugglers were shocked as this reporter ran upon them using an infrared video camera. The interrupted smugglers decided to return to Mexico. [The illegal aliens the two smugglers were bringing across likely paid $10, 000, collectively, to be taken into the U. S. across the river.   If you were wondering, as many have, how in the world The Huffington Post could afford to ape a cable news channel with eight daily hours of live programming on its streaming network, the answer is that it couldn’t, and now “Huffpost Live” is officially dead. According to the   Politico, on top of   “HuffPost Live will no longer broadcast eight hours a day, but will go live for major news events and   celebrity interviews. ”  Roy Sekoff, one of the Huffington Post’s founding editors and the site’s video department chief, has also announced his resignation. We already have three     cable news networks: CNN, MSNBC, and   America. For whatever reason, The Huffington Post thought America needed a third.   Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC               Former President Bill Clinton said that Republicans are “kind of scary” during a campaign stop Monday for his wife Hillary’s presidential effort. [Clinton appeared in New Hampshire Monday to hammer GOP candidates in the slow, digressive,   rhetorical style that has marked most of his recent speeches.  “People run and, it’s kind of scary this year, but believe it or not, almost everybody tries to do what they say they’re going to do when they’re running,” Clinton said, referring to Republicans. Clinton was obviously not referring to himself or his 1992 campaign promise to pass a   tax cut, which he never did. Clinton was also asked by a reporter in New Hampshire if his “past” sexual harassment of women was fair game. Clinton replied that it’s “up to Republicans” to decide.  OO. ready( function()  ) }) On Fox News Channel’s special coverage of the passing of U. S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin, Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) called in to remember the Scalia, who was found dead Saturday in a West Texas Ranch apparently by natural causes.  Sessions praised Scalia for fighting to keep the Constitution to “mean what it says. ” “He was just a tremendous leader of an entire movement to restore the Constitution and the court to the role that it should be,” Sessions said of Scalia. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Fox News’s Bret Baier announced the  candidates that will appear on the primetime debate stage on Thursday night in Iowa. [Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio, Ben Carson, Jeb Bush, Chris Christie, John Kasich and Rand Paul made the cut, according to the polling criteria set out by Fox News, to appear on the main stage at Fox News’s GOP primary debate on Thursday in Des Moines, Iowa.  The candidates who are invited to participate in the earlier debate are: Carly Fiorina, Mike Huckabee, Rick Santorum, and Jim Gilmore. The first debate airs at 7 PM eastern, while the primetime debate takes place at 9 PM eastern. Saturday, GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump will hold a rally in Manheim, PA at Spooky Nook Sports at 7:00 p. m. ET. Video courtesy of Right Side Broadcasting Network, Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo New Zealand native and center for the Oklahoma City Thunder, Steven Adams, apologized for referring to the Golden State Warriors as “quick little monkeys” in an ESPN interview after his team upset the reigning NBA champions in the first game of the Western Conference finals. [Steven Adams chooses the wrong words to describe the Warriors’ guards. “They’re quick little monkeys,” he says. pic. twitter.   —   Kenny Ducey (@KennyDucey) May 17, 2016,   The      who came to America to attend the University of Pittsburg, blamed the unfortunate remark partly on differences in dialect, reported USA Today. “I wasn’t thinking straight. I didn’t know it was going to upset anyone, but I’m truly sorry. It was just a poor choice of words. I was just trying to express how difficult it was chasing those guys around,” Adams said. Adams contributed 16 points and 12 rebounds to help the thunder defeat the Warriors 108 to 102. President Barack Obama is making a last minute stop to Michigan to whip up support for Hillary Clinton in order to save the state from supporting Donald Trump. [According to CNN’s Jeff Zelany, campaign sources said that President Obama wanted to go back into Iowa but was told that it was “out of reach” and to go to Michigan instead.  The Clinton campaign appears worried about upper   states like Wisconsin, Michigan, and Minnesota that are traditionally safe Democratic states. Clinton also made a last minute stop in Detroit on Friday to encourage voters to go to the polls. Obama will travel aboard Air Force One on Monday morning to campaign in Ann Arbor, Michigan before jetting back to Philadelphia to hold a final event with his wife Michelle Obama and Bill and Hillary Clinton. Obama is is campaigning in Kissimmee, Florida today. (AFP)  —   Tunisian attacker Mohamed   visited the Nice promenade with his rented truck on the two days before he rammed the vehicle into a crowd, killing 84, a source close to the investigation said Sunday. [The source said police had questioned hundreds of people since Thursday night’s attack, several of whom said   did show signs of being religious. Former Speaker John Boehner does not hold back when asked for his opinion of Sen. Ted Cruz. [During a conversation about politics at Stanford University, the former Republican Speaker described Cruz as “Lucifer in the flesh. ”  “I get along with almost everyone, but I have never worked with a more miserable son of a bitch in my life,” he said, according to The Stanford Daily. The event was not broadcast. Bohener’s remarks were during a Boehner conversation with David M. Kennedy, the faculty director at a talk hosted by Stanford in Government and the Stanford Speakers Bureau. The former Speaker revealed that he was “texting buddies” with Donald Trump and had played golf with the billionaire for years. Former failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney tried to get failed Republican presidential nominee John Kasich to mount a   run against presumptive nominee Donald Trump. [“Romney sent [Kasich] an email first urging him to run as an independent and saying he would do anything he needed to help,” a Kasich adviser told Yahoo News reporter Jon Ward.   The Kasich advisor revealed that Trump and Kasich spoke on the phone afterwards but that the Ohio governor “demurred. ” The Washington Post reports that Romney also reached out personally to   Republican Sen. Ben Sasse to encourage him to run. According to Ward’s report, Romney has ruled out the possibility that he will mount an independent campaign himself. The Jerusalem Post reports: Pakistani Defense Minister Khawaja M. Asif threatened Israel late Friday night, following a fake news report from the websiteAWD, stating that Israel’s defense minister was threatening to destroy Pakistan. [The fake news article, titled, “Israeli Defense Minister: If Pakistan send ground troops into Syria on any pretext, we will destroy this country with a nuclear attack,” was later published by a variety of other news sources.  The article claimed that former defense minister Moshe Ya’alon had threatened Pakistan last Tuesday, following a reported Pakistani deal to send troops to help fight Islamic State in Syria. Read more here. The   Clinton super PAC Priorities USA officially responded to Sarah Palin’s endorsement of Donald Trump by releasing a graphic of a smiley face pointing and laughing. [Unable, apparently, to string together a couple sentences, the PAC instead released a mocking image.  And Clinton super PAC @prioritiesUSA responds to the Palin endorsement. This is a real statement. pic. twitter.   —   Ryan Struyk (@ryanstruyk) January 19, 2016,  Liberals and Democrats in the   Stewart Age frequently fail to argue substantive points, but rather use the strategy of empty ad hominem attacks to insult conservatives without actually saying anything meaningful. This tactic allows younger,   progressives to feel like they’re part of a fashionable crowd, in opposition to conservatives, while also appealing to the most base and vicious elements of human nature.  advertisement From Fox News,  WASHINGTON  —     Republican presidential   Donald Trump is a grandfather  —   again. Baby Theodore. My heart is full. xx, Ivanka #grateful pic. twitter.   —   Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) March 28, 2016,  The billionaire businessman’s daughter, Ivanka Trump, has given birth to her third child with husband Jared Kushner. Ivanka Trump announced the birth of her son, Theodore James, on Twitter Sunday, saying that the family feels “incredibly blessed. ” You can read the rest of the story here. SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  —   Alphabet now comes before Apple atop the list of the world’s most valuable companies. [advertisement AP: Foundation donors gained access to Clinton at State Dept. .. @JoeNBC calls the details ’breathtaking’ https:  .  During the Wednesday broadcast of “Morning Joe” on MSNBC, host Joe Scarborough reacted to the Associated Press report that says at least 85 of 154 people from private interests who met or had phone conversations scheduled with Clinton while she led the State Department donated to her family charity or pledged commitments to its international programs, calling the high proportion “breathtaking. ”  “[F]or the Associated press to write in a news story this term, that it was ‘an extraordinary proportion [of donors]’ shows you just how out of skew this was. It really was breathtaking when I read this story,” Scarborough stated. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent GOP presidential candidate Gov. John Kasich ( ) was asked Friday on NBC Sports Radio’s “Dan Patrick Show” if the Monday after the NFL’s Super Bowl should be a holiday.  “It should be, there’s no productivity whatsoever,” Kasich responded. “I’m going to take that under consideration. Maybe I could get that done in the first 100 days. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” the father of a fallen Muslim soldier who spoke at the Democratic National convention and accused Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of sacrificing nothing for his country, Khizr Khan said, “The world is”They have seen the blackness of his character, of his soul. ”  Khan said, “This person is total incapable of empathy. I want his family to counsel him, teach him some empathy. He will be a better person if he could become  —   but he is a black soul. And this is totally unfit for the leadership of this beautiful country, the love and affection that we have received affirms that our beliefs, our experience in this country had been correct and positive. The world is receiving us like we have never seen. They have seen the blackness of his character, of his soul, that he is void of recognizing, empathizing with people. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN From Jonathan Swan in the Hill:  INDIAN WELLS, Calif.  —   Donald Trump is so fiercely opposed by the Koch brothers network that some donors believe the powerful group will intervene to stop the billionaire if it looks like he could win the Republican presidential nomination. “They are always very hesitant to get involved in a primary but I think if they were going to do it this would be the time because they just hate the guy,” said a donor who attended the Koch network’s winter retreat, held over the weekend at a luxury resort near the foothills of Palm Springs’s Coachella Valley. Both officials and donors within the powerful group hope the real estate tycoon’s White House bid dies a natural death so the group can avoid spending a penny of its $889 million 2016 cycle budget against him. But the Koch network’s conversations over the weekend concerning what to do about Trump were more detailed than previously revealed. Read the rest of the article here. Ebony magazine released a video of its    Kierna Mayo interviewing Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, in which she asked her repeatedly about accusations of pandering to  .  Partial transcript as follows: MAYO: Critics have called you pandering  —   have said that you pandered  —   have wondered about particular things like the Kwanzaa kinara that you posted on Twitter, or even dabbing on “The Ellen Show?” CLINTON: Ha, ha, ha. MAYO:  It’s interesting. I heard South Carolina Rep. Bakari Sellers mention this once that he thought that you were pandering. I’ve ever heard local DJs and VJs  —   CLINTON: Oh that’s too bad. MAYO: And wonder how one really does walk the line and make sure that the richness of the legacy and history is not lost and that you don’t take short cuts to black audiences that you think might work? CLINTON: Well I certainly don’t intend to. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN  This article was written by Michael Barbaro, Ashley Parker, and Jonathan Martin, and published by the New York Times. advertisement On Breitbart News Sunday this evening on SiriusXM 125 The Patriot Channel from 7 to 10 p. m. ET, Breitbart    Alexander Marlow will discuss breaking news from around the world with callers and guests. [Topics will include riots in Milwaukee, American Olympians robbed at gun point in Rio, an Imam gunned down in Queens, and the Soros family settling (once again) in U. S. politics.  Breitbart London editor Raheem Kassam will be in studio to discuss his reporting on Soros and the intensifying migrant crisis in Europe. Listen online on SiriusXM On Demand and call in to the show at 866 95 PATRIOT. LOS ANGELES (AP)  —   California and New York acted Monday to gradually push their statewide minimum wages to $15 an hour  —   the highest in the nation  —   as Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders again seized on wage disparity and the plight of the working poor in their fight for the Democratic presidential nomination. [advertisement Wednesday in Henderson, NV at a campaign rally while discussing former President Bill Clinton criticizing ObamaCare while campaigning for his wife Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said both Hillary Clinton and President Barack Obama should apologize for passing and promoting the Affordable Care Act, also known as ObamaCare.  Trump said, “You know, they are always telling me if you say something, just apologize, just apologize. I think that president Obama should apologize for ObamaCare. And I think that Hillary Clinton should apologize for pursuing ObamaCare, and she wants to make it even worse than it is right now. We are going to repeal it and replace it with less expensive and much better care. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Author and activist Gloria Steinem argued that younger women are supporting Democratic presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) over fellow candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton because they’re going where the boys are and “The boys are with Bernie” on Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time. ”  Steinem said that Clinton’s lack of support among younger women was partially due to the fact that “Men tend get more conservative because they gain power as they age, and women get more radical because they lose power as they age. So, it’s kind of not fair to measure most women by the standard of most men, because they’re going to get more activist as they grow older. ” She added, “And when you’re young, you’re thinking, ‘Where are the boys?’ The boys are with Bernie. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Hillary Clinton did not turn over an important email about the problems caused by her use of a private email server for classified information.  “In November 2010, Secretary Clinton and her Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations discussed the fact that Secretary Clinton’s emails to Department employees were not being received,” according to the report. Clinton’s Deputy Chief of Staff told her that “we should talk about putting you on state email or releasing your email address to the department so you are not going to spam. ” Hillary Clinton replied, “Let’s get separate address or device but I don’t want any risk of the personal being accessible. ” Breitbart News has led the media in covering the Clinton email case, including first reporting that Clinton had “Top Secret” classified emails on her private server.   From Jonathan Easley writing at the Hill:  Ben Carson sipped hot chocolate across the breakfast table from Donald Trump at the businessman’s    resort in Palm Beach, Fla. on Thursday morning, still unsure as to whether he’d endorse anyone in the Republican primary. Over the last week, Carson had spoken by phone to Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and John Kasich, the other three candidates still in the GOP presidential race. None had stood out to him. Trump closed the deal at a meeting that lasted more than an hour in an ornate corner of the businessman’s swanky resort, in a room where original    owner Marjorie Merriweather Post  —   at one point the wealthiest woman in the United States  —   was known to take her breakfast. Read the rest of the article here. Wednesday in Las Vegas, NV, while campaigning for his wife, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, former president Bill Clinton mistakenly said his wife has the flu while referring to her recent pneumonia diagnosis.  Clinton said, “I just talked to her and she’s feeling great and she will be back out there tomorrow. So I —  it’s  a crazy time we live in when people think there is something unusual about getting the flu. The last time I checked millions of people were getting it every year. ” A campaign spokesman said Clinton misspoke. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” President Barack Obama said his former Secretary of State and current Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton was careless in how she handled her emails, which is under investigation by the FBI.  Obama said, “I continue to believe she has not jeopardized America’s national security. Now what I also said is that  —   and she’s acknowledged  —   that there’s a carelessness in terms of managing   that she has owned. And she recognizes that. But I also think it is important to keep this in perspective. this is somebody who served her country for four years as secretary of state and did an outstanding job and no one has suggested that in some ways as a consequence of how she’s handled   that that detracted from her excellent ability to carry out her duties. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN (AP)  —   Britain’s vote to leave the European Union has reverberated through London’s boisterous LGBT pride festival. [The flags of European nations flew at the annual Pride in London parade, which ended with a rally in Trafalgar Square.  London Mayor Sadiq Khan told the crowd of thousands that Europeans in London are “our friends, our families and our neighbors. ” Khan says “I recognize the huge contribution you make to our city, you are welcome here. I make you this promise as your mayor. That won’t change. ” Voters in London overwhelmingly supported staying in the EU, but a majority outside the capital voted to leave. Belgian Georges Peters, who was flying his country’s flag at the parade, said he was “very disappointed about the vote. I think this is bad for the economy and it’s important that we stand together. ” Antaine O’Briain from Ireland said he was “shocked and horrified” at the result of the Thursday’s Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has lost her   polling bounce, according to a new poll from Rasmussen Reports. [Donald Trump is now leading Clinton by just one percent.  Trump has 40 percent support, while Clinton has 39 percent, according to the survey of likely U. S. voters. Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson earned seven percent while Green Party candidate Jill Stein only earns three percent. Earlier this month, Clinton had a high of 44 percent before falling five points to 39 percent. The poll shows that Trump continues to attract more Democrats than Republicans who are willing to switch to Clinton. Fifteen percent of Democrats support Trump while twelve percent of Republicans prefer Clinton. The Rasmussen survey includes 1, 000 likely voters and was conducted on August  . The margin of sampling error is +   3 percentage points. Would you like to win a signed Breitbart Border Construction Co.   as modelled by yours truly and the Queen of Conservative Media, Ann Coulter? Of course you would. Here’s how. [Take the image above and decorate it however you please. You could add lovely glittery T’s for Trump, you could add slogans, memes from 4chan  …     you can do whatever you want.  Tweet it with #FabulousWall and you could win a free shirt signed by this glamorous blonde model and have your work featured on Breitbart. com. Currently the Breitbart Store only ships shirts to the United States  —   so, if you’re outside the US, this is your best shot at getting one of these limited edition beauties.  Follow Milo Yiannopoulos (@Nero) on Twitter and Facebook. Hear him every Friday on The Milo Yiannopoulos Show. Write to Milo at milo@breitbart. com. Anita Kumar at McClatchy DC writes that over 1, 700 emails on Hillary Clinton’s unsecure homebrew email server have been found to contain classified information —  so far. [From McClatchy DC:  WASHINGTON —  At least 1, 730 emails that Hillary Clinton sent or received contained classified material, according to the State Department’s latest update from its ongoing review of more than 30, 000 emails. The State Department released a new batch of 1, 116 pages of Clinton’s emails Friday evening in response to a court order. Of those, 64 contain classified information. All are at the confidential level, which is the lowest level of classification. Read the rest of the story here. The Times of Israel reports: A    Palestinian boy was arrested at the Shuafat checkpoint in East Jerusalem Sunday afternoon after guards found a knife among his belongings. [Security forces manning the checkpoint found the knife, which had been wrapped up, inside the teenager’s bag.  The teen was taken in for questioning. Click here for the full story. On this weekend’s broadcast of Fox News Channel’s “Sunday Morning Futures,” Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( ) chairman of the House Oversight Committee, told host Maria Bartiromo he intends to continue the investigation into Hillary Clinton and her use of a private server while secretary of state.  “I’d be derelict in my duty if I just let it go and said, ‘Well, there’s an election,’” Chaffetz said. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Sean Hannity beat Megyn Kelly in the cable ratings during September, says TheWrap. com. [Fox News’ “Hannity” finished the month of September as the   cable news program among the key demo of adults age   marking the first time Sean Hannity‘s show won a month since moving to 10 p. m. ET in 2013. “Hannity” averaged 525, 000 demo viewers, topping his   “The Kelly File” by roughly 22, 000 viewers per night. Kelly won the demo for the third quarter of 2016, which includes September, but Hannity has surged recently because of numerous exclusive interviews with Donald Trump  …     With “Hannity” leading the way, Fox News Channel had seven of the Top 10 programs on cable news for the month of September. “The O’Reilly Factor” follows “Hannity” and “The Kelly File,” giving Fox News’ primetime lineup a sweep of the top three. MSNBC’s “The Rachel Maddow Show” and Fox News’ “Special Report with Bret Baier” round out the top five. Read the rest here.     This Article first appeared in Reuters:  Heavy demand for the first edition of Hitler’s “Mein Kampf” to be printed in Germany since his death is taking its publisher by surprise, with orders received for almost four times the print run. The   political treatise, which was written between 1924 and 1926 and posits a global Jewish conspiracy, is regarded as one of the Nazis’ main propaganda tools. It has been   as a   annotated version after its   copyright expired. The head of the Munich Institute for Contemporary History, which published the work, said it had received orders for some 15, 000 copies against a print run of just 4, 000. There had been requests for translations into Italian, French and English, and demand from Turkey, China, South Korea and Poland, Andreas Wirsching told a news conference on Friday. Read the story in full here.   Donald Trump issued a statement remembering the 75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor today. [He’s urging the country to remember the 2, 403 Americans killed and the 1, 178 Americans who were wounded.  “Their shared sacrifice reminds us of the great costs paid by those who came before us to secure the liberties we enjoy, and inspires us to rise to meet the new challenges that stand before us today,” Trump said. He recalled Reagan’s use of the quote of Gen. Douglas MacArthur reminding Americans that “there is no substitute for victory” in war. “Today we are the bearers of the torch of freedom these brave Americans passed on to us,” he said. “In honor of their faithfulness, and for the sake of generations to come, we will never allow that flame to be extinguished. ” Nearly half of likely Democratic voters would like to see Vermont socialist Bernie Sanders replace Hillary Clinton on the Democratic ticket should her poor health force her out of the race, Rasmussen Reports finds. [Only 14 percent of likely Democratic voters said former Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine should replace her, while 22 percent wanted Vice President Joe Biden at the top of the ticket.  Among all likely voters, 36 percent think Sanders should replace Clinton should she be forced to step down, and 20 percent back Biden.   percent of all voters polled were tired of coverage of Clinton’s poor health, while 28 percent said the media hasn’t covered it enough. Rasmussen Reports polled 1, 000 likely voters from Sept. 14 to Sept. 15. The survey has a margin of error of plus or minus three percentage points. Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump unveiled 11 potential nominations to the Supreme Court if he were to become President of the United States. [Some of the names to replace Justice Antonin Scalia, who passed away in February, according to the Associated Press are:  Steven Colloton of Iowa, Allison Eid of Colorado, Raymond Gruender of Missouri, Thomas Hardiman of Pennsylvania, Raymond Kethledge of Michigan, Joan Larsen of Michigan, Thomas Lee of Utah, William Pryor of Alabama, David Stras of Minnesota, Diane Sykes of Wisconsin and Don Willett of Texas. Trump previously said he would release the list to ease any concerns from Republican voters that he wouldn’t nominate a conservative judge. During an interview with NBC News Senior Investigative Correspondent Cynthia McFadden for “Dateline on Assignment” broadcast on Wednesday’s “MSNBC Live,” Marcel Lazăr Lehel, the hacker known as “Guccifer,” stated that he had access to Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s email server, which he described as “like an open orchid. ”  Guccifer said, per a translator, that Clinton’s server was unprotected, and he had total access to the server that “was like an open orchid on the Internet, as many such servers are. ” McFadden added that Guccifer told her he had downloaded things from the server, but couldn’t provide those materials since he was in prison. She continued that an FBI official she spoke to on camera said that Guccifer had admitted to a federal crime on camera, and questioned why he would do so if it wasn’t true. Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Liberty University President Jerry Falwell Jr. is defending   Donald Trump’s pick for secretary of state, former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson, after he faced backlash from the evangelical community. [“His position on social issues I don’t believe are relevant in the position of secretary of state,” Falwell stated during an appearance on Fox News. “I don’t think he’ll ever have to weigh in on any of those issues. I think he’s going to be out cutting deals like he did as the CEO of a global enterprise with Exxon. ”  “I think that’s what we need in that position. I don’t think his position on social issues will ever make a difference as secretary of state,” Falwell added. Evangelicals have expressed fault with Tillerson over donations to Planned Parenthood from ExxonMobil. According to Politico, evangelicals are also upset that he opposed a ban that would have prevented homosexual boys from being part of Boy Scouts. A Mexican illegal alien allegedly raped a girl in Kansas in September after being deported ten times in the past six years alone, according to reports. [Tomas   reportedly born around 1978, allegedly raped his child victim on September 27.  “ICE said in an email that   a citizen of Mexico, has been deported back to Mexico from the U. S. 10 times since 2010,” the Kansas City Star reports. “ICE also said he has a 2013 federal felony conviction for illegal   into the U. S. making him an enforcement priority for ICE, which means the agency would take custody of him when his case in Kansas is completed. ” Local outlet the Hay Post reports that   allegedly raped the    on a Greyhound bus. Illegal aliens from nations including Mexico commit sex crimes against children in the U. S. at an alarming rate. Breitbart News has extensively covered the disturbing trend:   is held on $100, 000 bond and is represented by a public defender. Democratic presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders argued that “real unemployment is close to 10%” during Thursday’s “PBS NewsHour” Democratic presidential debate.  Sanders said, “I do believe that in the year 2016, we have to look in terms of public education, as colleges  —   as part of public education, making public colleges and universities tuition free. I believe that when real unemployment is close to 10% and when our infrastructure, our roads, our bridges, our water systems, Flint, Michigan, comes to mind, our wastewater plants, our rail, our airports, in many places, are disintegrating, yeah, we can create 13 million jobs by rebuilding our infrastructure, at a cost of a trillion dollars. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett The Commission on Presidential Debates (CPD) released the polling and debate criteria that will be used to determine which presidential candidates and vice presidential candidates make the debate stage ahead of the general election on Nov. 8. [The polls that will be considered are:  The editor in chief of Gallup, Dr. Frank Newport, provided professional guidance on which polls should be chosen. The polls were ultimately selected based on sample size and frequency as well as the reputation of the polling companies, according to the CPD. The CPD will consider a candidate’s constitutional eligibility, ballot access, and electoral support as part of the criteria to make the debate stage. “If a candidate is invited to the first presidential debate, that person’s vice presidential running mate will be invited to the vice presidential debate,” notes the CPD. The first general election debate is scheduled for Sept. 26 in New York. On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers explained why it was her view that former President Bill Clinton’s past being raised in this presidential campaign could be a problem for Hillary Clinton’s bid.  According to Powers, the Bill Cosby situation shows that attitudes across the country have changed about allegations of rape and that could be problematic for Hillary Clinton’s bid. “I think that what was once referred to as Bill Clinton’s bimbo eruptions, which now sounds like something that people wouldn’t say today, are going to become problems for Hillary during the campaign,” Powers said.  “The conventional wisdom says this has all been hashed out, and nobody cares about it anymore, but I think if we look at the Bill Cosby situation, we can see the country has definitely changed in terms of how we look at these issues, and these are serious allegations, and her role in them at well. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has focused a lot of her attention on Republican frontrunner Donald Trump, but she is also turning her attention to Sen. Ted Cruz, now that the Texas Senator has shown new resilience in the Republican primary. [“I think he is a very, you know,   guy,” Clinton said during an interview with Politico’s Glenn Thrush. “You can see it from how the Republican Party responds to him. ”  Clinton insisted Cruz wasn’t “any better” than controversial “tough guy” Republicans such as Rudy Giuliani and Donald Trump. Clinton alluded disapprovingly to Cruz’s hardball tactics, even to fellow candidates in the race. She also expressed concern of the Republican party’s difficulty in selecting a nominee where the two most controversial candidates were left. “It’s, you know, a difficult dilemma that they’re in, trying to figure out what to do,” she said. Sunday on Fox News Channel’s “MediaBuzz,”conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer said he underestimated the appeal of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump because he found his success, “unfathomable. ”  Krauthammer said, “I found his appeal so unappealing that I found that unfathomable that he would garner such a large constituency. I still remain mildly amazed by the phenomenon. But I know longer deny it. ” He added, “I have absolutely no animus against him as a person. I have no reason to. Had he not become a presidential candidate, I mean, I don’t talk about him otherwise. I just think he out of his depths and while obviously he’s a good candidate  —   and maybe he will win  —   although I’d be surprised  —   I think he’d be very bad for the country. That’s the only criteria by which I judge him. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Donald Trump’s campaign will air its first general election ads this weekend in several swing states. [Trump adviser tells @SaraMurray that Trump campaign will begin airing general election ads in 5 states this weekend: NC, OH, VA, PA, FL.  —   Kristen Holmes (@KristenhCNN) August 17, 2016,   The Wall Street Journal reports the ads will appear in Florida, Ohio, Pennsylvania and North Carolina. The media buy will feature Trump’s recent policy speeches, focusing and building off of those messages on national security and the economy, according to campaign advisers. Although Trump hasn’t spent any money on general election ads until this point, his opponent, Hillary Clinton, has spent $61 million over the past two months. According to Real Clear Politics polling average, Trump is neck and neck with Clinton in Ohio and North Carolina. He’s four points behind her in Florida and nine points behind in Pennsylvania. Bizarre. That’s the only word to describe how “in the bag” NBC News is for Hillary Clinton. You’d almost think she owns them. You’d almost think she’s blackmailing or bribing them. She must have photos of the head of the NBC News division and anchorman Lester Holt in bed with someone very shocking. It’s that bad.  Can you even imagine if Donald Trump served in a presidential cabinet and sold out his access and government contracts in return for donations to his foundation? It would be the biggest news story in America. The FBI would be leading him away in handcuffs right now. DNC Chair Debbie   issued a statement Sunday saying she plans to resign after the Democratic National Convention concludes, according to reports.  #DebExit pic. twitter.   —   daveweigel (@daveweigel) July 24, 2016,    came under heavy fire after an enormous series of damaging leaks helped to reveal what many in the Democratic base suspected: She had rigged the primary for a Hillary Clinton win. This story is developing.  Donald Trump gained one point on Hillary Clinton in the latest Fox News poll, leaving him just two points behind the Democratic candidate and well within the poll’s margin of error. [Clinton has 42 percent support and Trump is at 42 percent support, according to the poll.  In the prior Fox News poll, conducted Sept. 27. to Sept. 29, Trump lagged three points behind Clinton in a   race. In the new poll, Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson slipped from 8 percent down to 6 percent, while Green candidate Jill Stein stayed at 2 percent. In a   race, Clinton has 48 percent support, to Trump has 44 percent support. That is a   loss for her since late September, when she reached 49 percent support nationwide. The poll of 1, 006 registered voters  —   including 896 likely voters  —   was conducted from Oct. 3 to Oct. 6. (REUTERS) Gun   ballot measures in four states are expected to pass on Tuesday, opinion polls show, after gun safety advocates poured a massive amount of money into backing the initiatives. [In Maine and Nevada, residents will vote on whether to mandate universal background checks for firearm sales, including private handgun transactions.  If those two measures pass, half of all Americans would live in states that have such expanded checks. Eighteen states and Washington, D. C. have already approved similar laws. (Graphic: Gun issues on the ballot here) Voters in Washington state, meanwhile, will consider allowing judges to bar people from possessing guns if they pose a danger to themselves or to others, such as accused domestic abusers. In California, a referendum would ban   ammunition magazines and require certain people to pass a background check to buy ammunition. Read the rest of the story at Reuters. com. A female protester was filmed picking up and throwing a trashcan before screaming and tensing on the floor in apparent protest before Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos’ speech at UCLA last night. [The bizarre demonstration was filmed by   who were getting ready to attend Yiannopoulos’ event before coming across the protester.   Other protesters at UCLA attempted to block hundreds of attendees from entering the building, with some holding picket signs and banners that called for a revolution and an end to “hate. ” You can watch the full video of Yiannopoulos’ talk below:  Exit polls out of New Hampshire show that a full 50% of GOP voters “feel betrayed by Republican politicians. ” Obviously, this is a very good sign for Donald Trump, who only just last year became a politician.   —   50% of NH Republicans feel BETRAYED by the Republican Party. pic. twitter.   —   John Nolte (@NolteNC) February 9, 2016,   —   Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                 Listening to the Benghazi Committee reveal what we knew  —   the Obama Administration’s devastating lies cost lives, and at any point it just doesn’t matter to them. Thank you to Congressional investigators for their report. [The Administration’s deception is beyond shameful. They sat back and allowed our peacekeepers to die during what they witnessed becoming a suicide mission. In command of the greatest military in the world, yet officials sat back in Washington’s comfort, not allowing our troops to do their job to protect fellow Americans.  Hillary left our men behind. Hillary is disqualified from serving as Commander in Chief. The Administration lies and denies in places like Benghazi, which cost innocent American lives. Much like today’s refusal to believe real threats  —   denying Islam put the “I” in ISIS  —   they are wrapping America’s children in a suicide vest. Thursday at his weekly briefing, Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) said Republican presidential   Donald Trump suggesting there could be riots if he doesn’t win the nomination this summer at the GOP convention in Cleveland was “unacceptable. ”  Ryan said, “Nobody should say such things, in my opinion because to even address or hint at violence is unacceptable. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN,   A Salafi terrorist group associated with Islamic State claimed responsibility for the volley of rockets fired at southern Israel on Friday night. [“We take responsibility for the rocket bombardment on the Sderot settlement at 11:07 p. m. Friday night. Praised God, we allowed for Jewish blood [to flow] and we turned their night to day. We activated alarms in all of southern occupied Palestine,” read a statement allegedly issued by group Ajnad Bayt  .  Five rockets were fired from the Gaza Strip at Israel on Friday night, with two of the projectiles landing in Israeli territory. Three other rockets landed near the security fence inside the coastal Palestinian enclave. Read more at the Jerusalem Post   percent of registered voters want libertarian candidate Gary Johnson to be included in the presidential TV debates, according to a survey by Morning Consult. [Johnson is very unlikely to get a seat, because his highest polling score has been around 13 percent, and he’s now struggling around 8 percent.  The committee of D. C. insiders which set the rules for the debate has decided to invite only people with at least 15 percent support in the polls. The presidential debates are scheduled for Sept. 26, Oct. 4 and Oct. 9. Johnson’s exclusion is probably good for Hillary Clinton, because most of his voters would pick her as their second choice. He favors   immigration and socially liberal policies. In 1992, the commission allowed   candidate Ross Perot into the debates. That November, he got 19 percent of the vote while Gov. Bill Clinton won the presidency with 43 percent of the national vote. The new survey included 2, 002 registered voters.   Wednesday on the “Hugh Hewitt Show,” Republican presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson said Democrats play the race card “anytime they don’t get their way like little children having a temper tantrum. ”  Hewitt played a clip of  Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton accusing Republicans of “talking in coded racial language” and demonizing President Barack Obama to “encourage the ugliest impulses of the paranoid fringe. ” When Hewitt asked Carson if she spoke in “coded racial language,” Carson said, “Well, I mean, I think she does. And you know, they’re always going to bring up the race issue anytime they don’t get their way like little children having a temper tantrum. It’s kind of comical, quite frankly. And you know, if everything is racial, why aren’t they saying that any problems that I have are because of racial prejudice? You know, why does it always only go in one direction. That makes no sense. ” Politico has some advice for Hillary Clinton, saying that her performance was aesthetically weak in the televised    Forum. [“Clinton wobbled on style,” Politico conceded. “She looks uncertain. ”  Politico also criticized Donald Trump, per usual. Trump gave a full discussion of his policy proposals in a performance that was   by the studio audience, which was largely comprised of veterans:  The New York Post editorial board writes:    emails just caught Team Hillary in another blatant lie  —   namely, the claim that Clinton Foundation donors got no special treatment from Clinton’s State Department. In fact, ABC’s “case study” of the 2010   feeding frenzy may be the most damning foundation scoop yet. And the foundation isn’t even denying it. ABC News got the emails via a Freedom of Information lawsuit. They show that, after the devastating 2010 Haiti earthquake, a top Hillary aide repeatedly gave special attention to “Friends of Bill” looking to cash in. Read the whole story. Pharmaceutical entrepreneur and former Turing Pharmaceuticals CEO, Martin Shkreli unveiled his newest art piece titled “Pill 2016” at “Daddy Will Save Us,” Lucian Wintrich’s   art show. [  The minimalist piece features a red and blue pill in a glass and wood enclosure. The   press turned Shkreli into a folk devil after he raised the price of AIDS medicine.  From Brett LoGiurato writing at Business Insider:    mogul Donald Trump has hit a new   mark in the   survey, garnering 41% support among national   voters in apoll released Tuesday. That was more than double the support of Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas, Trump’s closest rival in the GOP presidential primary. Cruz had the support of 19% of GOP voters in the survey. No other candidate hit double digits. An ABC   Post poll published Tuesday found similar results, with Trump leading Cruz nationally 37% to 21%. Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida came in third at 11% but no other Republican candidate ticked up to double digits. Read the rest of the story at Business Insider. From David Goldman writing at CNN:  The U. S. Department of Homeland Security has sent out an urgent alert telling Windows customers to uninstall Apple’s QuickTime program. Apple has pulled support for QuickTime on Windows, the video and audio software that had once been widely used to play movie trailers and other Internet media clips. The company decided this week not to issue any more security updates for QuickTime on Windows, despite two major vulnerabilities in the software that can allow hackers into people’s computers. Apple’s last QuickTime update for Windows came in late January, and the company had been periodically fixing bugs over the past several years. But Apple hasn’t dedicated much effort to QuickTime over the past decade. The last major QuickTime release for Windows was in 2005. Apple delivered a substantial QuickTime upgrade for Mac OS X in 2009, and the company continues to support QuickTime for Mac with regular security updates. Read the rest of the story at CNN. ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP)  —   A Florida jury sided with   wrestler Hulk Hogan on Friday and awarded him $115 million in his sex tape lawsuit against Gawker Media. [advertisement Sunday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” former Republican presidential candidate and presumptive nominee Donald Trump supporter, Dr. Ben Carson said the “Never Trump” movement had a “almost incomprehensible” level of arrogance.  Carson said, “Well, you know, there’s a level of arrogance there that is almost incomprehensible. We have a system in place that allows the will of the people to be expressed. Now these people come along and say the people don’t know what they are talking about. Get them out of here. We’re the ones who know who the nominee should be. I hope people are taking note of that and who these people are. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Republican nominee Mitt Romney says he won’t be attending Donald Trump’s nominating convention in July. [“Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee, plans to skip this summer’s Republican National Convention in Cleveland where Donald Trump will be officially nominated  —   an unusual move that underscores the deep unease many Republican leaders have about the brash celebrity mogul as their standard bearer,” the Post reports, adding that a Romney staffer said, “Governor Romney has no plans to attend convention. ” Saturday, MSNBC’s Joy Reid brought up   Donald Trump’s tweets from earlier in the day saying he will “have nothing to do” with NBC’s “Celebrity Apprentice” when the show returns in January.  I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B  have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 10, 2016,  Reports by @CNN that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency, even part time, are ridiculous  untrue  —   FAKE NEWS!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 10, 2016,  Reid, after pointing out Trump’s tweets denying any association with the show other than having a stake in it, said the  ’s tweets “should not be read as actual news. ” “Donald Trump saying that means absolutely nothing. His tweets should not be read as actual news, they are just things he tweets in the morning,” Reid stated on “AM Joy. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Monday on Fox New Channel’s “Hannity,” Peter Schweizer, the author of “Clinton Cash,” said presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton protected and promoted outgoing DNC chair Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) for her “dirty work” as revealed by thousand of hacked emails released by Wikileaks which showed a bias against Clinton’s rival Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ).  Schweizer said,”It’s very interesting because it he has revealed the underbelly, the seeming underbelly of the Democratic party but shows us something about Hillary Clinton herself. Who else in modern American politics would take somebody like Debbie Wasserman Schultz and say, ‘You know what? She’s going to quit but we’re going to give her a promotion and bring her to the campaign.’ The Clintons are masterful at doubling down. If you do dirty work for them as she did at the DNC against Bernie Sanders we’re going to take care of you, protect you and promote you. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN WASHINGTON (AP)  —   The White House said Thursday it was looking into a cyber breach after what appeared to be a scan of first lady Michelle Obama’s passport was posted online. [advertisement TOKYO (AP)  —   It was a bit touch and go for Hiroshima officials, but the atomic bomb memorial park in the western Japanese city is now Pokemon No. [advertisement A New York City man was arrested Monday for attempting to push a bystander onto the subway tracks in Harlem while yelling, “I hate white people. ”[Gary Weeks, 51, of Queens was charged with attempted murder, aggravated harassment, and obstruction of government administration, the New York Daily News reported.  The bystander was waiting at the    subway station at 125th St. and Lexington Ave. for a northbound train when Weeks tried to push him onto the tracks. The victim was able to escape as other people tried to point and yell at the attacker to cool down. He then began yelling about his hatred for whites. Police said he spit on an officer as officers tried to arrest him. This isn’t the only time a bystander was attacked on the New York City subway these past few weeks. A woman was accused of pushing a bystander in front of the subway tracks in October, and a man was attacked on the subway in November for wearing a Trump hat. Thursday on Fox New Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” the former mayor of New York City and   Donald Trump supporter Rudy Giuliani called the protesters that were protesting over Trump’s victory that broke out in several cities Wednesday night were carried out by college students “a bunch of spoiled crybabies. ”  Giuliani said, “The reality is they are a bunch of spoiled crybabies. Someone said we’re bringing up a generation of spoiled crybabies. Most kids aren’t crying. Most are going to class. I speak to a lot of college campuses. And what I find is we’re growing up a slightly higher percentage of conservative students than we used to. They are rebelling against the professors. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said Thursday, “Look at our borders, they’re like swiss cheese. ”[Speaking at CNN’s Republican presidential debate in Houston, Texas, Trump referenced the need for more border security.  “We don’t win anymore as a country,” Trump said. “We don’t win with trade. We don’t win with the military  …    we don’t win in any capacity with health care. ” “You look at our borders, they’re like Swiss cheese, everybody pours in. ” Kevin Gibson, a   old Florida Man arrested by Miami on a variety of counts including marijuana possession with intent to deliver or sell and public drinking, sported a bushy beard on one side of face in his booking photo. [The the other side of his face is slight reminiscent of the “stubble look” popularized by actor Don Johnson in the 1980s crime show Miami Vice.  Gibson faces an $8, 000 bond. Monday, GOP   nominee Mike Pence will hold a rally in Dubuque, IA that is scheduled to begin at 8 p. m. ET.  Video courtesy of Right Side Broadcasting Network, Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Thursday during her “The Kelly File” program on the Fox News Channel, host Megyn Kelly pointed out that MSNBC’s Joe Scarborough and others on his “Morning Joe” show had once been very complimentary of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and have since changed their tune.  Kelly remarks were in reference to Scarborough’s claim Trump had inquired about using nuclear weapons during a foreign policy briefing. “Even MSNBC and their morning program over there, I mean, they could not have promoted Trump more,” Kelly said. “And now today, Joe Scarborough is out there talking about how three times in one meeting, [Trump] asked why he couldn’t drop a nuclear weapon. Once Trump got mad at him, he stopped saying nice things about him. ” (  The Hill) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo At Saturday night’s GOP Presidential  debates, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush said that Republicans need to take a more aggressive stance in getting conservatives nominated to the Supreme Court and “fight and fight and fight” to get them though the nominating process. [Saying that he’s an “article two guy” who believes in a strong executive branch, Bush said he believes President Obama should nominate a “consensus” replacement for Supreme Court Justin Anton Scalia.  Bush said that Scalia’s replacement should be a “lover of liberty” who “believes in limited government” in the tradition of Scalia. Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” while commenting on the controversy over the phone call between   Donald Trump and Taiwan President Tsai   Vice   Mike Pence said it was “a little mystifying” President Barack Obama Cuban dictator Raul Castro and be “hailed as a hero,” while   Donald Trump receives criticism for taking call from the president of Taiwan.  Pence said, “We’ll deal with policy after January the 20. This was a courtesy call and plus I have to tell you, George, it’s a little mystifying to me that President Obama can reach out to a murdering dictator in Cuba in the last year and be hailed as a hero for doing it and   Donald Trump takes a courtesy call from a democratically elected leader in Taiwan and it’s become something of a controversy. I think the American people appreciate the fact that our   is taking calls from and reaching out to the world and preparing on day one to lead America on the world stage. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Friday’s broadcast of PBS’ “Washington Week,” host Gwen Ifill stated that without the audio of GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump’s lewd comments, “we would have been paying attention a lot more tonight to some revelations from WikiLeaks about Hillary Clinton’s email  —   her latest email tranche from the State Department. ”  Ifill said, “Now, absent this bombshell  …    we would have been paying attention a lot more tonight to some revelations from WikiLeaks about Hillary Clinton’s email  —   her latest email tranche from the State Department. And in this case, it’s answering the question that [Sen.] Bernie Sanders ( ) raised during the primaries, which is what did you say in those speeches when nobody was listening, the speeches you were paid for? He never could get an answer, but it looks like we have a partial answer tonight. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Tuesday on CNN’s “Wolf,” Democratic National Committee chairwoman Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) speculated on how her party will ultimately select its presidential nominee.  Wasserman Schultz told host Wolf Blitzer that despite the possibility of unpledged delegates making it possible for Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton to win over Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) without getting the lion’s share of the popular vote, she expected the pledged delegates selected by the voters to be enough to determine who the nominee will be. “There are 719 unpledged delegates and they have up until the actual convention to make a decision on who they’ll vote for and they have never made a difference in deciding who our nominee is and I don’t expect them to now,” she said. “I think the nominee will ultimately be selected by pledged delegates that were selected by voters. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor On the Wednesday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM EST, host and Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon will be joined in studio by bestselling author Peter Schweizer. [Peter Schweizer will discuss his groundbreaking bestselling books from “Throw Them All Out” to “Extortion” to “Clinton Cash. ”  Legendary pollster Pat Caddell will discuss Wisconsin and the road to the GOP convention in Cleveland for Trump and Cruz. Frank Gaffney, President of the Center for Security Policy and Cruz campaign foreign policy advisor, will discuss the threat of Islamic terror at the heart of Europe. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. Sirius XM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   . The Club for Growth, which has long opposed GOP frontrunner Donald Trump and recently endorsed Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) is planning to run an   television ad in Wisconsin ahead of the state’s primary on April 5. [“Donald Trump is the worst candidate in the Republican field, and he can’t win in November,” said Club for Growth president David McIntosh. “It’s time for Republicans to rally around Ted Cruz, the one candidate who can lead the party to victory. ”  The   second ad titled “Math” states: IF YOU DON’T WANT DONALD TRUMP TO WIN, YOUR CHOICE COMES DOWN TO THIS: MATH. ONLY TED CRUZ CAN BEAT DONALD TRUMP. JOHN KASICH CAN’T DO IT. THE MATH WON’T WORK. A VOTE FOR KASICH ACTUALLY HELPS TRUMP, BY DIVIDING THE OPPOSITION. IT’S TIME TO PUT DIFFERENCES ASIDE. TO STOP TRUMP, VOTE FOR CRUZ. The $1 million ad buy will begin airing on March 26. Saturday on MSNBC, Vice magazine columnist Toure explained how Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders’ message on class does not resonate with black people because their problems include “dealing with white supremacy and white privilege. ”  “For a lot of black people, that message doesn’t resonate because we understand our problems are greater than class. Our problems are about dealing with white supremacy and white privilege. Those things are not superseded by when you get a good job or get into the middle class or even the upper class. So, he’s not dealing with a central problem for us. We understand that this   argument is not  —   it leaves us cold a bit because it’s not the entire story. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent On the Fox News Channel’s “Sunday Morning Futures with Maria Bartiromo,” former Speaker Newt Gingrich said Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) must win “virtually all the delegates” in the upcoming Indiana primary to have a chance at securing the GOP nomination.  Gingrich said, “Indiana is make or break for Cruz, and it’s a bump in the road for Trump. If Cruz can’t win Indiana, and by win I mean, get virtually all the delegates, do something like close to what he did in Wisconsin, there’s no possibility that he can stop Trump. It’ll just be over sometime Wednesday morning. On the other hand, if Trump doesn’t do particularly well in Indiana, he has so much overall momentum, and it’s such a huge lead that he could still win by winning in New Jersey and California on June 7. So, for Trump it is a significant event. For Cruz, it’s life and death. ” Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) used former President Jimmy Carter’s words to bash Donald Trump in a new ad. [Cruz’s new ad uses a clip of former President Jimmy Carter telling the British Parliament that he would rather have Trump as president than Cruz.   “Trump has proven already that he’s completely malleable,” Carter says. “I don’t think he has any fixed opinions that he would really go to the White House and fight for. ” The ad then touts Carter’s assessment of Cruz. “Ted Cruz is not malleable,” Carter says. “He has far   policies, in my opinion, that would be pursued aggressively if and when he would become president. ”  .@THEHermanCain: The   movement is insanely delusional and should be blamed if Clinton wins the presidency. https:  .  Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” talk show host Herman Cain, a candidate for the 2012 GOP presidential nomination, dismissed the   “Stop Trump” movement and argued that if the effort to stop Trump continues, it could break up the GOP and lead to a Hillary Clinton presidency.  “The   movement  —   they are still insanely delusional that they can stop Trump,” Cain said. “The voice of the people is being heard. You can’t come back now and say, ‘OK, I don’t like Trump so I’m not going to get behind the nominee. I think that is foolish and if they break up the Republican Party by continuing to push back, they will be responsible for a Hillary presidency, not the people screaming that they want a leader, a winner and a fighter. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Less than a quarter of Hillary Clinton’s campaign donors are   donors who pitch in $200 or less. [advertisement In their latest episode, the “Stump for Trump” ladies Diamond and Silk react to National Review’s   Trump issue, and also take aim at Fox News Channel’s Megyn Kelly and Trump critic Glenn Beck.  “Now you have the Gang of 22,” Diamond said. “Writing hit pieces in the National Review  —   who made you all the conservative police?” “Who died and made you the conservative inspector?” she added. (  RCP Video) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) said the Democrats taking control of the House of Representatives in this years election in November is “definitely within reach. ”  Pelosi said, “I believe that we would if the election were today we would have a good chance to do so. What I’ve said it depends on how big Hillary Clinton’s margin is. The  concern I have is big dark donor money coming in, fossil fuel money, Wall Street money, special interest money, dark coming in a big way. We’re very proud of our chairman. We have great candidates. We have great message. We’re mobilizing on the ground to own the ground. It will be a single digit difference. Maybe they will be a little ahead by some or we’ll be a little ahead by some but it is definitely within reach. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Sunday on NBC’s Meet the Press, former “Nightly News” anchor Tom Brokaw commented on the mass shooting in Florida that killed 50 and injured over 40 more and said that a conversation in America about guns “absolutely belongs on our political debate. ”  Brokaw said, “We don’t have any dialogue going on in America about all these mass shootings that have occurred since San Bernardino. And they have been going on around the country, three or more at a time. This absolutely belongs to a political debate and it ought to be a place where both parties can talk about it in a rational fashion. You’ve got a problem, get a gun. that’s what goes now, it’s got to come to an end. It’s a terrible commentary. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The BBC reports: The   coalition has admitted its planes carried out an attack in eastern Syria that the Russian army says killed at least 62 Syrian troops fighting IS. [The US said its planes halted the attack in Deir   when informed of the Syrian presence and would not knowingly strike them.  The strikes allowed IS jihadists to advance, the Russians said.   …    The US Central Command statement said the coalition believed it was attacking positions of   Islamic State and the raids were “halted immediately when coalition officials were informed by Russian officials that it was possible the personnel and vehicles targeted were part of the Syrian military”. Read the full story here. Donald Trump’s campaign released a statement late this evening, following the forced shutdown of his Chicago rally. [Mr. Trump just arrived in Chicago and after meeting with law enforcement has determined that for the safety of all of the tens of thousands of people that have gathered in and around the arena, tonight’s rally will be postponed to another date. Thank you very much for your attendance and please go in peace.  BRUSSELS (Reuters)  —   One of the main suspects in the Paris attacks from last November, Salah Abdeslam has been wounded and caught by police in an operation on Friday afternoon in the Brussels quarter of Molenbeeck, Belgian media reported. [One other suspect was shot dead in the operation and another wounded, the Derniere Heure paper said on its website. Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton stated her Supreme Court nominees would be “people who believe that Roe v. Wade is settled law, and Citizens United needs to be overturned” during Thursday’s CNN Democratic presidential debate.  Hillary said, “There is no doubt that the only people that I would ever appoint to the Supreme Court are people who believe that Roe v. Wade is settled law, and Citizens United needs to be overturned. ” After criticizing the lack of questions on abortion during the Democratic debates, Hillary argued the issue, “goes to the heart of who we are as women, our rights, our autonomy, our ability to make our own decisions. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett The Voice contestant Christina Grimmie was shot dead Friday night while signing autographs following a concert. [Grimmie’s assailant took his own life after shooting the   .  According to CNN, she performed at the The Plaza Live theater in Orlando, Florida, and was signing autographs afterward when she was attacked. The Orlando Police Department tweeted: OPD was told suspect walked toward Christina and shot her. Christina’s brother immediately tackled the suspect, who shot  killed himself.  —   Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) June 11, 2016,  NBC News reports that “there were around 60 people in the area” near Grimmie at the time of the attack, but no other injuries were reported. No motive for the attack has been released. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com. WASHINGTON, New Hampshire (AP)  —   Ted Cruz accused his Republican rival Donald Trump Monday of exhibiting inconsistent conservativism and said the billionaire investor is becoming “rattled” and “dismayed” by his gains. [advertisement Sen. Ted Cruz appears to be shifting his attacks to his senate colleague Marco Rubio and away from frontrunner Donald Trump, according to a report in the New York Times. [According to the report from Jonathan Martin, two advisors to Cruz confirm that the campaign is directing more attack ads against Rubio after watching him tick upwards in recent polls in Iowa.  The attack ads will focus on Rubio’s support for immigration reform, a topic that was central to the Fox News debate on Thursday night. Cruz reminded voters that Rubio worked with liberal Sen. Chuck Schumer on amnesty for illegal immigrants and Rubio accused Cruz of just trying to “trump Trump” on the issue to get elected. During a heated exchange on immigration policy at the GOP Debate on Saturday night in South Carolina, Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) blasted rival Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) for not speaking Spanish. Both men are of Cuban descent. [“Marco went on Univision in Spanish and said he would not rescind President Obama’s illegal executive amnesty on his first day in office,” Cruz said.  Rubio retorted: “First of all, I don’t know how he knows what I said on Univision, ’cause he doesn’t speak Spanish. ” (Cruz responded in Spanish, challenging Rubio to continue in that language “if you want. ”) As to the facts, Rubio made the remarks nearly a year ago, as Breitbart News reported at the time, telling Jorge Ramos in Spanish that Obama’s executive action to defer deportation for illegal aliens who arrived in the U. S. as children “can’t be terminated from one moment to the next, because there are already people benefiting from it. ”   This article was originally written by Erick Erickson and published by the the Insurgent:  Barack Obama, the man who cancelled the space program and turned NASA into a muslim outreach program, had the audacity to cite the space program as an American success story. The man who called on his supporters to take guns to knife fights regretted that rancor has increased under his administration. While calling for more polite civil discourse, the President took gratuitous shots at Republican Presidential candidates. Read the rest of the article here. The Daily Caller reports:  Huma Abedin, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s closest aide, urged former President Bill Clinton in 2009 to reject a speaking invitation before the American Israel Public Affairs Council (AIPAC) asking his assistant in an email, do “u really want to consider sending him into that crowd? ”[Abedin’s comment about “that crowd” has sparked anger and consternation among Jewish and   leaders who consider it hostile to Jews and to the State of Israel. Her comments are raising uncomfortable questions about Abedin’s past and her family’s ties to the Muslim Brotherhood.  Read the full story here. Friday on Fox News Channel’s “Special Report,” Washington Post columnist Charles Krauthammer was asked to speculate on the candidacy of Gov. John Kasich ( ).  According to Krauthammer, despite being the only   establishment canidate left in the GOP fiel, his candidacy is a lost and the “ ” has won in the form of either Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) or Donald Trump. “Look, the fight between the establishment and   is over,” he said. “The   has won, in the form of Cruz and Trump. Now the question is which of the two will advance? It’s not going to be Kasich. There’s no way you’re going to reach down to the third in line. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Friday, the “T. D. Jakes Show” posted a preview clip for an interview that will air next Thursday in which talk show host Oprah Winfrey told pastor T. D. Jakes that you don’t have to like Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton to vote for her.  Winfrey said, “There really is no choice, people. All the people sitting around talking about they can’t decide. This is what I wanna say  —   wait a minute. I hear this all the time. You get into conversations  —   and there’s not a person in this room who hasn’t been in this same conversation —   where people say, ‘I just don’t know if I like her.’ She’s not coming over to your house. You don’t have to like her. You don’t have to like her. Do you like this country? Do you like this country? You better get out there and vote. Do you like the country? Do you like freedom and liberty? Do you like this country? OK. Do you like democracy or do you want a demagogue?” (  RCP Video) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN   Donald Trump and Vice   Mike Pence plan to meet with at least nine individuals on Monday, to discuss potential positions in the administration. [According to Trump’s spokesman Jason Miller, the Monday meetings will be with:  According to the Boston Herald, Brown is being eyed for a post at the Department of Veterans Affairs. Both Gov. Fallin and Gov. Perry are reportedly being considered for cabinet positions. “Perry for secretary of energy or defense and Fallin for interior secretary,” notes Politico.    Army veteran Ernest Walker went to a Chili’s in Cedar Hill, Texas, on Veterans Day to take advantage of the restaurant’s offer of a free meal, only to have his   box snatched away by a manager in a   incident. [Things have not gone well for either Walker or the manager since their fateful encounter. The manager has been removed from his position, following a formal apology from Chili’s corporate office for his behavior, while threatening phone calls have forced Walker out of his home.  This is the video clip Walker posted to Facebook after the incident: NBC News in  . Worth describes the Veterans’ Day incident as follows: From Mark Hensch writing in the Hill:  Former first lady Barbara Bush says she doesn’t understand how women can support Donald Trump in the presidential race over her son Jeb Bush. “I mean [it is] unbelievable,” she on CBS’s “This Morning. ” “I don’t know how women can vote for someone who said what he said about [Fox News anchor] Megyn Kelly. ” “It’s terrible. And we knew what he meant too,” she said, apparently referring to Trump’s line about Kelly having “blood coming out of her wherever” after the first GOP debate. Read the rest of the article here. A woman protesting outside a joint book signing with Milo Yiannopoulos and Ann Coulter was cheered by feminists as she boasted about having an abortion on Good Friday. [In an amateur video uploaded to YouTube, the woman can be heard saying “While you’re waiting here and listening to me, I had an abortion!”  “I had an abortion on Good Friday, 2012,” she exclaimed.  Shrieking feminists can be heard cheering her on in the background. The woman was protesting outside the event, where the pair discussed Coulter’s recent book on immigration, Adios, America, and her forthcoming book on Donald Trump, In Trump We Trust: E. Pluribus Awesome! You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at ben@yiannopoulos. net. From Theodore Schleifer and Ashley Killough writing at CNN:  Trump Victory, the joint fundraising account with the Republican National Committee, and Trump’s official campaign raised $5 million online since Tuesday morning, when it sent one of its first fundraising pitches to its email list, according to Sean Spicer, an RNC spokesman. That does not include the $2 million that Trump himself has pledged to match in the fundraising appeal, Spicer said. Trump has done virtually no   fundraising since launching his campaign a year ago, and is not expected to begin a full online fundraising operation until the convention. Read the rest of the story at CNN. On the Easter edition of Breitbart News Sunday, host and Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon will continue the discussion on the global war on Christianity we began on the Good Friday episode. [Breitbart London’s Raheem Kassam will  .  Special guests include: Tera Dahl, Nina Shea, Rafael Cruz, Erik Prince, Arthur Walthur, Zach Dasher, Austin Ruse, Dr. Susan Berry, Dr. Tom Williams, Benjamin Harnwell, Oliver Lane, and Frances Martel. Breitbart News Sunday is broadcast on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 7PM to 10PM EST. Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   . The Times of Israel reports: A senior Iranian military commander boasted that the Islamic Republic could “raze the Zionist regime in less than eight minutes. ”[Ahmad Karimpour, a senior adviser to the Iranian Revolutionary Guards’ elite unit   Force, said if Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei gave the order to destroy Israel, the Iranian military had the capacity to do so quickly.  “If the Supreme Leader’s orders [are] to be executed, with the abilities and the equipment at our disposal, we will raze the Zionist regime in less than eight minutes,” Karimpour said Thursday, according to the   Fars News Agency. A senior Iranian general on May 9 announced that the country’s armed forces successfully tested a     ballistic missile two weeks earlier that could reach Israel, the   Tasnim agency reported. Read more here TV host Glenn Beck attacked Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump Thursday, saying “too many people are looking at Trump and believing that man has ever opened a Bible   …     that’s the biggest crock of bullcrap I’ve ever heard. ”[Beck, founder of TheBlaze. com, spoke at a rally in South Carolina for Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ).  “I’m going to be very blunt with you tonight,” Beck said. “Donald Trump is very dangerous in my opinion. ” Beck criticized those who believe that this country can be saved by a man who creates “gaudy buildings. ” He argued that Trump can’t just “come in and magically fix us. ” “He’s gone bankrupt four times,” Beck added. “You can’t declare bankruptcy as a country. ” Variety reports:  A group of radical Islamists attacked a listening party in Istanbul where Radiohead was holding a listening party for fans in support of their new album. The men reportedly stormed the record store, Velvet Indieground, in Istanbul, Turkey, and used pipes to violently beat fans running away from the venue for drinking alcohol during the holy month of Ramadan. “Our hearts go out to those attacked tonight at Velvet IndieGround in Istanbul,” Radiohead said in a statement. “We hope that someday we will be able to look back on such acts of violent intolerance as things of the ancient past. For now, we can only offer our fans in Istanbul our love and support. ” Read the full story. Watch the video here: Friday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump speculated on as to why his potential general election opponent Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton wants to put her husband former President Bill Clinton in charge of the U. S. economy.  According to Trump, Bill Clinton’s policy expertise may not necessarily be the primary motivation. [Relevant remarks begin at 5:00 mark] “Well, maybe she’s saying that or maybe she just wants him around the White House so she can keep an eye on him,” Trump said. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor NPR’s “Morning Edition” host Steve Inskeep is comparing GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s rise in American politics to that of President Andrew Jackson in The New York Times’ Opinion Pages. [Inskeep  —   who authored “Jacksonland: President Andrew Jackson, Cherokee Chief John Ross, and a Great American Land Grab”  —   argues that Jackson and Trump have similar campaign styles.  He also notes that both of the men made their fortune in real estate. “And again like Mr. Trump, a former Democrat and independent, Jackson did not worry about consistency,” Inskeep writes. “Having joined the nation’s wealthy elite, he ran for president as an opponent of wealthy elites. ” Inskeep’s comparison can be read here. Utah Sen Mike Lee says: “I have not supported Donald Trump up to this point, I have not endorsed him. I have some concerns with him. He scares me to death so does Hillary Clinton. There is no easy choice right now. ”[Lee made the remarks during a telephone town hall with constituents.  Added Lee, “I’m going to continue to watch this. I’ll make the decision as best I can, but I’m not there yet,” according to reports. Lee backed Texas Sen. Ted Cruz in this year’s contentious Republican primary. He did not, however, rule out backing presumptive nominee Trump at some point in the future. Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” former NBC’s “Nightly News” anchor Tom Brokaw expressed his pessimism about Sen. Marco Rubio’s ( ) chance going forward in this Republican presidential nominating contest.  Brokaw said he didn’t foresee a path forward for Rubio and that his performance Tuesday as the Super Tuesday results were coming in left much to be desired. “It was, and I don’t see where he goes from here,” Brokaw said. “I don’t know if we have the video when he first appeared last night. Right after, it was pretty clear he had a dismal night. He looked like the guy who was running for student council president who found out he didn’t have a date for the prom. He was frozen in place at the point. Very hard to see how he puts something together in which he can stay in place throughout. I think Ted Cruz obviously has a shot at staying in the hunt. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor A video posted by Jarrett Jack (@jarrettjack03) on Apr 28, 2016 at 7:06pm PDT, Former NBA stars Shaquille O’Neal and Charles Barkley have always been known for their huge personalities.  On Thursday, a couch behind the scenes of their television show “NBA on TNT” got to meet their huge bodies. The two locked arms, and Shaq pushed Barkley over a nearby couch. Barkley then rolled on top of Shaq to claim victory. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Friday, HBO’s Bill Maher ripped Fox News Channel’s Megyn Kelly on his show “Real Time. ”  Maher said Kelly asked presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump “one tough question” and the “stupid media” anointed her a “genius,” adding that her profile on him was “in cowardice. ” “Megyn Kelly asked [Trump] one tough question at the debate. One tough question, and then the stupid media anoints her as a genius because she asked one tough question. For months he’s just belittling her. ‘She’s on the rag, she’s an idiot, she’s a bimbo, her ratings are terrible,’ then she comes begging him for an interview where she says nothing was out of bounds. You know what was out of bounds? Journalism. She didn’t ask one tough question. It was a profile in cowardice,” Maher stated. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Marco Rubio experienced trouble with his airplane this morning and canceled a rally in Pawleys Island, soon rescheduling it for Friday night —  after skipping a town hall held by Conservative Review Thursday night. [From ABC News:  After his charter plane experienced some technical issues, presidential candidate Marco Rubiowas forced to cancel a campaign stop in Pawleys Island, South Carolina, on Friday  —   the second event Rubio cancelled in the past 24 hours. His GOP presidential competitors are taking notice. Ted Cruz’s campaign was quick to comment on the cancellation, given that Rubio also had to cancel his appearance at the Conservative Convention last night.   …     The Rubio campaign has now rescheduled the event in Pawleys Island for tonight. Read the rest of the story here. Lena Dunham told an untrue story Friday in support of the Hillary Clinton campaign. [Dunham, the alleged entertainer best known for the HBO program Girls and for her various social media provocations, appeared at a Clinton organizing event in Portsmouth, New Hampshire to offer her support for Clinton’s policies.  But Dunham’s justification for supporting Clinton’s global warming stance rang false. “And Hillary Clinton believes that the globe is actually warming, which everybody in this state can attest to, because I didn’t even need my jacket outside and it’s January in New England,” Dunham said.  However, Twitter records reveal that Dunham did, in fact, wear a jacket to the event. @stefanyshaheen introduces @lenadunham @STREETfood360 for #Hillary #ImWithHer pic. twitter.   —   Mary Johanna Brown (@mjbnh) January 8, 2016,  The temperature in Portsmouth, New Hampshire was 36 degrees Fahrenheit Friday afternoon, according to Weather. com. In an interview that aired on NBC’s “Today” on Friday, former Gov. Mitt Romney ( ) the 2012 GOP presidential nominee, explained why he decided to speak out about the presidential candidacy of Donald Trump a day earlier.  “I’ve wanted to be involved in the campaign, if you will, as a bit of a referee. When there were some foul balls, be able to call them and see if I can’t keep people guided on the path to becoming our next president. But the time came when Donald Trump’s outrage had reached such a level that I simply had to speak out. You get to the point where you say, your grandkids are going to say to you, ‘Papa, what did you do to stop Donald Trump?’ I had to finally get out and speak,” (  RCP Video) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor .@SheriffClarke: ‘Fake news’ started in Ferguson when MSNBC, NYTimes and the Washington Post all propagated the ’Hands up, Don’t shoot’ lie pic. twitter.  Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” Milwaukee County, WI Sheriff David Clarke said the entire phenomenon of   “fake news” began in 2014 with the “hands up, don’t shoot” claim of the August 2014 shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, MO.  Clarke called it a “lie” and said it had been propagated by many mainstream media outlets. “It’s the anniversary of that fateful summer night in August of 2014 that started with the ‘hands up, don’t shoot’ lie that was propagated by every mainstream liberal media across this country,” Clarke said. “The New York Times, The Washington Post, the LA Times, the Chicago Tribune, CNN, MSNBC all propagated that ‘hands up, don’t shoot’ lie. It was from that time forward that this concept of fake news was talked about. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor The BBC’s Helena Merriman hosts a podcast discussing why Hillary Clinton’s favorable numbers are so low despite being a “centrist politician. ”[From the BBC:  Hillary Clinton is the   favourite to be the next president of the USA. But polls show more and more Americans view her unfavourably. In fact, the public’s hostility towards her is  . Only Donald Trump elicits greater antipathy. That’s perhaps less surprising. He is a political outsider, and a divisive figure. But why does Hillary Clinton  —   a mainstream, centrist politician  —   provoke such strong, negative feelings? Listen to the audio discussion here. Thursday on WGN Radio, while discussing the latest WikiLeaks, which exposed former president Bill Clinton’s aggressive lobbing for large speaking fees from donors to the Clinton Foundation, NBC’s “Meet The Press” host Chuck Todd said the Clinton Foundation needs to be shut down if Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is elected president in November.  Todd said, “Look let me go to bottom line, there is no way, under any circumstance, the Clinton Foundation should be operating if she becomes president. I just don’t see how they can keep that going. I just don’t. ” He added, “She’s got an opportunity, again, if she doesn’t do half measures here, if they shut it down to at least make this  —   to at least limit the political damage. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Republican presidential candidate Gov. John Kasich called Antonin Scalia an “essential” force for conservatism in a statement following the Supreme Court Justice’s death on Saturday. [“I am deeply saddened by the passing of Justice Scalia and send my prayers out for his family in this difficult time.  His death is a serious loss to our nation and the Court.  He was an essential, principled force for conservative thought and is a model for others to follow.  His dedication to the Constitution and love for and service to our country will be deeply missed. ”  Scalia, 79, died of apparent natural causes at a Texas resort. Scalia was appointed to the Court by Ronald Reagan in 1986. Now the Republican appointee’s seat on the bench will be filled by President Barack Obama.  Chelsea and @jaketapper discuss the ”Trump Tower bubble” and how America can begin to reconcile after the election. pic. twitter.  This week on Chelsea Handler’s Netflix show, CNN’s Jake Tapper said described the Trump transition team as the “Trump Tower bubble” and said they may not “understand how scared a lot of Americans are. ”  Tapper said, “I don’t know that they really, inside the Trump Tower bubble, I don’t know that they really understand how scared a lot of Americans are. ” He added, “One of the things I’m seeing, and I don’t know if you’re seeing this, but if you look at social media or media in general, I see a lot of people who are scared, and a lot of people who are resentful and focused on their own hurt feelings. Both Trump supporters and Trump opponents. It almost seems as though people are not even willing to acknowledge the hurt feelings of the people on the other side. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Sunday on CNN’s “Reliable Sources,” Arianna Huffington defended the Huffington Post’s coverage of Donald Trump.  Huffington said, “We think he is a little bit like Kim   you know he is both a a buffoon and he is dangerous. So we started covering him as a buffoon until the day when he proposed that we ban 1. 6 billion Muslims from entering the United States. From that point on we started covering him ans a clear and present danger with an editors note at the end of each story. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Saturday’s “Melissa  ” on MSNBC, host Melissa   reacted to report that the two officers who were involved in the shooting death of    Tamir Rice would not be indicted.    stated that if she were to shoot a    with a toy gun and shot him, then she would not be “protected” like the two police officers. “I have seen many a    with a toy gun and not  —   and if I’d shot, I wouldn’t be protected by that same  …    ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Friday on  MSNBC’s “Hardball,” former Democratic presidential candidate and former Gov. Martin O’Malley ( ) said we cannot let   Donald Trump “commit war crimes,” nor fill “internment camps. ”  O’Malley said, “While all of us would like our president to succeed, we don’t want Donald Trump to succeed in ordering our troops to commit war crimes. We don’t want him to succeed in loading up   prisons with 8 million people in internment camps. Those are things we cannot compromise on. We need to be passionate about our values and we need to speak of issues that people care about most around their kitchen table, and that is their own kids’ future. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Aging rocker Paul McCartney took the stage at a fundraiser for Hillary Clinton  —   and even asked her to dance, according to a reporter who was present. [“This is the first time I’ve paid to hear myself sing,” McCartney joked wryly during the event that included performances from Jimmy Buffett and Jon Bon Jovi.  A video posted on Instagram shows Bill and Hillary Clinton clapping and swaying to McCartney’s performance of “Hey Jude”: A video posted by Andy Cohen (@bravoandy) on Aug 30, 2016 at 8:19pm PDT,  McCartney also performed “Jet,” “Can’t Buy Me Love,” and “Lady Madonna,” while Buffett played some of his favorite songs, like “Cheeseburger in Paradise. ” Bon Jovi performed “Who Says You Can’t Go Home” and teamed up with Buffett for a rendition of “Brown Eyed Girl. ” The group also joined Buffett singing his famous hit “Margaritaville. ” According to CNN’s Dan Merica, Clinton raised an estimated $3. 7 million at the event. From Politico:[Paul Ryan on Sunday said he has “no concerns” about   Donald Trump hiring one of the speaker’s longtime critics as his chief of staff: Breitbart chief Steve Bannon. “I’ve never met the guy,” Ryan said on CNN’s “State of the Union. ” “I don’t know Steve Bannon so I have no concerns. I trust Donald’s judgment. I think he will pick who will best serve him, and I’m sure we will work well with whomever his chief of staff is. ” Bannon, the executive chairman of Breitbart who joined Trump’s campaign in August as CEO, is believed to be one of two finalists for the top White House post. The other is Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus, a close Ryan ally and fellow Wisconsinite. Trump is expected to announce his chief of staff within days. Read the rest here.   Tuesday on ABC’s “The View,” while discussing San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick refusing to stand for the playing of the national anthem at his preseason football games to protest police treatment of minorities,   Whoopi Goldberg invoked the Black Power salute during the 1968 Olympics by U. S. medalists John Carlos and Tommie Smith during their medal ceremony.  Goldberg said, “Listen, people have been protesting, you know, be they athletes who won gold medals who stood on the podium and did this, you know there have always been. The bitch is we’re still protesting the same thing. That’s the awful part. So people find the way they can do it. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN This week’s “Saturday Night Live” cold open took aim at   Donald Trump for his Twitter habits, mocking how he retweets random people  —   and portrayed Steve Bannon as Death Himself. [Trump, played by Alec Baldwin, was joined by Kate McKinnon as Kellyanne Conway in “Trump Tower” trying to partake in a security briefing, but he could not stop retweeting random people.  Later, Baldwin called Trump chief strategist and Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon (currently on leave) into his office, and in walked the Grim Reaper. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Rebecca Savransky writes in The Hill:  Rudy Giuliani on Friday said Ted Cruz should apologize to New York City for attacking its “values” in the presidential race. “After all we have been through as a city and as one undivided nation, to have a United States senator running for President paint New York as a city consumed with greed, sin and media obsession is shocking,” Giuiani, who has not made an endorsement in the 2016 race, wrote in the New York Daily News. “Sen. Ted Cruz should apologize to the people of New York for his remarks and to the people of the United States for his crass attempt to divide us. ” Giuliani, a former mayor of New York City who made an unsuccessful run for the White House in 2008, joins a growing list of figures pushing back against the Texas senator. You can read the rest of the story here. Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “Hannity,” while discussing the protests of young people over the victory of   Donald Trump, his former campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said, “we are just treating these adolescents and Millennials like precious snowflakes. ”  Conway said, “We are just treating these adolescents and Millennials like precious snowflakes. I’m amazed as how many texts and   I’m receiving of all these professors saying you don’t have to take the test, you get college credit if you protest. What is the worst thing that happens that Donald Trump will make good on his promise to create 25 million new jobs, unleash energy investment, get rid of Obamacare, so you are not forced to buy health care?” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The London Daily Telegraph reports: An Irish schoolteacher who came to a Jerusalem hospital convinced she was about to give birth to the Baby Jesus when in fact she was not even pregnant. [A Canadian tourist who believed he was the Biblical strongman Sampson and tried to tear stone blocks out of the Wailing Wall.  An Austrian man who flew into a rage in his hotel kitchen when staff refused to prepare the the Last Supper for him. These are just a few examples of what has come to be known as the Jerusalem Syndrome: a   phenomenon where foreign visitors suffer psychotic delusions that they are figures from the Bible or harbingers of the End of Days. Israel’s health ministry records around 50 cases a year where a tourist’s delusions are so strong that police or mental health professionals are forced to intervene. Many more incidents go undocumented on the streets of Jerusalem’s Old City. Read more here Leading up to next week’s Indiana primary, GOP presidential   Donald Trump got legendary Indiana University basketball coach Bobby Knight’s endorsement.  Former Gov. Howard Dean ( ) reacted Thursday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” to the Knight endorsement by saying Knight’s status in Indiana means his endorsement, unlike most, makes a real difference. “It is the the same as Bear Bryant endorsing somebody in Alabama. I mean, [Knight] did more for Indiana basketball, which I have to say, is the biggest sport in Indiana by far. I do  —   I agree, endorsements usually don’t make much difference. This one does. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Hadas Gold reports that Corey Lewandowski, days after his departure from Donald Trump’s presidential campaign, has become an exclusive CNN contributor. [From Politico:  Former Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski is joining CNN as a political commentator, according to a source familiar with the arrangement. It’s a salaried position and will make Lewandowski exclusive to CNN, effective immediately. Read the rest of the story here. A new Wikileaks dump of Democratic National Committee (DNC) emails shows CNN asked the party’s political operatives to draft questions for anchors Wolf Blitzer and Jake Tapper to interview Ted Cruz and Donald Trump. [advertisement Huffington Post senior editor Chloe Angyal gave her “less joyful” winner of the week Saturday on MSNBC, calling the newly signed law in North Carolina that forces people to use public bathrooms that correspond to their biological sex a “banner week for bigots. ”  “This was a banner week for transphobic bigots,” Angyal stated. “This was a real win this week for people who would pit cisgender women against transgender women in the name of women’s safety, the people who are saying by protecting the safety and dignity of transgender people we are opening the door for sexual violence against other women. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Police released surveillance video of an attempted rape Sunday on a street in the New York City borough of Brooklyn.  According to a Brooklyn 12 News report, the attempted rape took place around 4 a. m. near Prospect Park. In the video, a man can be seen coming up from behind a woman who was walking down the street. Police say the man lifted up the woman’s dress and pulled on her underwear, knocking her to the ground. The woman fought back during the attack, and the man eventually took off running. Investigators are still looking for more information on the man who is said to be between 20 and 30 years old with curly black hair, approximately    inches and 180 pounds. The victim refused medical attention, and is reportedly OK after the attack. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Friday on “CBS This Morning,” host of the network’s “Face the Nation” John Dickerson said at this point in the Republican presidential primary “it seems awfully hard” to see how   Donald Trump would be stopped form winning the nomination.  Dickerson said, “It seems awfully hard to see how he would get stopped. Even if he doesn’t get to 1, 237 that would give him a majority. Every one of these big wins is a chance for him to come out and make a claim for fairness. He’s turned into the fairness candidate who is saying if I go to the convention and have the delegates and votes, I should get the nomination regardless of this threshold. That’s a huge moment for him to make that argument in the debate, he’s been in with the Republican party. Every one of these victories he gets, he’s building momentum toward that number he needs to get but also building points in an argument. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The Times of Israel reports:  An Israeli airstrike killed four members of an Islamic   terrorist group in southern Syria on Sunday morning, following a clash near the border, the army said. [No Israeli soldiers were injured in the exchange, the army added.  Soldiers from the Golani Brigade’s reconnaissance unit had crossed the security fence with Syria to conduct an “ambush operation,” while remaining inside Israeli territory, when they came under fire from small arms fire, an Israel Defense Forces spokesperson said. Read the full story here. MEDFORD, Mass. (AP)  —   An attorney in Oregon is supporting political candidates who promise to address racial profiling in policing. In suburban Ohio, a mother says she and her friends will push for better racial integration in their children’s high school. And in rural Massachusetts, a young father has launched a Facebook group called “White Men for Black Lives. ”[advertisement In a preview from and interview that will air on CBS’ “Face the Nation” on Sunday, Vice President Joe Biden defended Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s use of a private unsecured email server during her tenure as secretary of state for the Obama administration.  Biden said, “Well, I think it’s a combination of a couple of things. One, I don’t think she understood the gravity of setting it up. She thought it was you know this is okay to do. This woman has been so battered over 30 years. I think then when faced with, ‘This is a problem,’ I think instead of just cutting it and dealing with it immediately, there’s always an inclination to overthink it. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Boos rang out when Republican nominee Donald Trump said Speaker of the House Paul Ryan is a “good guy” during his campaign rally in Portland, Maine on Thursday afternoon. [”Paul Ryan’s a good guy actually,” Trump says. A few boos erupt.  —   Candace Smith (@CandaceSmith_) August 4, 2016,   Trump, who hasn’t endorsed Ryan ahead of his primary next Tuesday in Wisconsin, said his running mate Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, first called and asked him if he would care if he endorsed Ryan, as Pence threw his support behind the Speaker on Wednesday. Trump just denied reports of ”fissure” between him and Pence retold story of Pence calling him to ask if he could endorse Ryan.  —   Ali Vitali (@alivitali) August 4, 2016,  The Times of Israel reports: Israel welcomed US   Donald Trump’s new round of appointments to top administration positions, a source in Jerusalem said Saturday, as a former general known for his   rhetoric and a strident opponent of the Iran nuclear deal were tapped for top defense positions. [The source specifically hailed both Rep. Mike Pompeo, the incoming CIA chief, and new national security adviser Gen. Michael Flynn as supporters of Israeli policy, according to Army Radio.  Pompeo has been one of the leading critics of last year’s deal with Iran that traded sanctions relief for a nuclear rollback, aligning him with much of the centrist and     communities. He is a reliable backer of Israel and last November had high praise for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu after they met on an Israel tour. Read more here. At Conservative Review, David Bozell takes House Speaker Paul Ryan to task over President Obama’s Iran deal.  David Bozell, the president of For America, lit into the speaker’s lackluster response. Bozell told Conservative Review, in exclusive remarks, “It is Congressional malpractice the Obama administration was able to send $400 million in taxpayer dollars to the world’s top rated state sponsor of terrorism. ” “Where was the oversight from the Speaker of the House?” Bozell continued. “As third in line for the Presidency, Speaker Ryan should have been aware of these hostage negotiations. The fact that the Speaker’s office did nothing tells me one of two things: Either Paul Ryan didn’t know, which makes him incompetent or he did know, which makes him complicit. ” Read the whole thing. WASHINGTON (AP)  —   A tie vote by the Supreme Court is blocking President Barack Obama’s immigration plan that sought to shield millions living in the U. S. illegally from deportation. [advertisement Iowa Sen. Joni Ernst is among the candidates being considered to become Trump’s running mate https:  .  https:  .  CNN reported Monday on “New Day” that presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump is vetting Sen. Joni Ernst ( ) as a potential   pick.  Political analyst Maggie Haberman admitted that there is no “consensus candidate” or “top choice” for Trump at this time, but Ernst has recently emerged as a new possibility. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Thursday on CNN’s “Wolf,” Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is more qualified than Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton be    of the United States.  Partial transcript as follows: BLITZER: Very quickly, who’s more qualified to be commander in chief?  Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump? PAUL: Without question, I think Hillary Clinton would more likely get us involved in another war in the Middle East. She’s been for sending arms into Syria. From the very beginning, Donald Trump has said that he questioned the Iraq War. So that gives me some consolation that Donald Trump would be a better commander in chief because he at least had the foresight to see that the first —  the Iraq War led to a destabilization of the area and Hillary Clinton was on the other side of that. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN From Luis Martinez writing at ABC News:  The snowstorm bearing down on the nation’s capital is not stopping the small group of soldiers who continually stand guard at the Tomb of the Unknowns at Arlington National Cemetery. Much as they did during Superstorm Sandy in 2012, Tomb Sentinels will brave the elements to continue guarding the hallowed memorial. Since April 6, 1948, Tomb Sentinels from the Army’s 3rd Infantry Regiment’s “The Old Guard”have guarded the Tomb for 24 hours a day, 365 days a year regardless of the weather. “These guys will be out in the snow, no matter what,” said Major Russell Fox, a spokesman for the Army’s Old Guard. “They love what they’re doing and they’re dedicated. ” And while the rest of Washington may be dreading the storm, Fox said “a lot of the guys are looking forward to this and kind of excited about it. ” Read the rest of the story at ABC News. Washington insiders “expect it to be business as usual in the federal government next year,” according to a new Washington   Influential Insights poll, which found Washington insiders prefer Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump by 40 percent. [“They overwhelmingly support Hillary Clinton,” stated Washington Examiner columnist Tim Carney, adding, “and seem to believe she’ll protect the way Washington does business from this political firestorm. ”    percent of those surveyed said they don’t believe Washington lawmakers will change their approach to issues. “This poll is of professionals in the know and   in Washington. They know how policy is shaped and they’re often the ones shaping it,” stated Echelon Insights founder and Washington Examiner columnist Kristen Soltis Anderson. Earlier this week on Fox Business Network’s “Cavuto: Coast to Coast,” Home Depot   Bernie Marcus said to his fellow Republicans if you’re not behind Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, you’re electing Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.   Marcus said, “If you’re going to stay neutral, you might as well vote for her because your lack of vote for Donald means she’s going to get elected anyway. ” He added, “When I listen to Hillary Clinton and I listen to the economists who never in their life ever hired a human being or trained a human being, I say, I don’t know the world that they belong in. I know that when you have high taxes that you kill off jobs. Killing off jobs means hurting America. It means hurting the economic wealth of America  —   and that’s not good for anybody. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Senators pushing hard to get criminal justice reform passed and onto the President’s desk, aware of the major criticism aimed at them from law enforcement groups, opposition from other Senators, and a host of constituents, have introduced a series of revisions to try to make the bill more palatable to critics.  [Certainly one of the reason the sponsors are restructuring the bill, which they previously advertised as applying only to nonviolent criminals, is because Senators running for   are terrified that releasing more violent criminals may harm their chances to return to Washington. advertisement Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) is beefing up his ground game in South Carolina. [According to Politico: The campaign on Saturday sent an email asking supporters to join a “strike force” to deploy to South Carolina and aid     operations, with housing provided in Greenville, S. C.  —   the third “Camp Cruz” lodging operation to open, following those based in Des Moines and Manchester. Cruz sees friendlier territory in   South Carolina than he does here in more moderate New Hampshire, and made it a point to stop in Greenville Tuesday before turning full attention to the     primary here. China’s finance minister Lou Jiwei slammed GOP frontrunner Donald Trump for the real estate mogul’s trade policy in an interview published Sunday. [“Don’t take the rhetoric in a presidential campaign too seriously. Trump is an irrational type,” Lou said in an interview with the Wall Street Journal.  He also said Trump’s trade policy would conflict with the World Trade Organization’s international rules. Trump has suggested there should be tariffs on goods coming into the United States from China, but critics say those tariffs could result in a trade war.     .@MMFlint: ”We have to keep fighting. We have to fight all the way to inauguration day” #inners https:  .  On Friday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “All In,” filmmaker Michael Moore argued that   Donald Trump “has no right” to enter the White House.  Moore called for “protesting, obstructing, disrupting, civil disobedience. ” He added, “I mean, the man has no right to enter that house. There are too many questions about the  —   whatever collusion was going on. I mean, they admitted that they were in touch with the Russians during the campaign. They have said that. So, we would need to know as Americans what the hell was going on there, and he does not have a mandate. He does not have a mandate. ” (  The Right Scoop) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Fox News host Sean Hannity consoled “angel moms” who lost their children to crimes committed by illegal immigrants during a town hall event broadcast on Tuesday.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Tuesday on CNN’s “The Lead,” Sen. John McCain ( ) told a reporter that ObamaCare was “unraveling and at a rapid rate. ”  McCain said, “It’s clear that Obamacare is unraveling, and at a rapid rate. We’re going to have to go back to square one. We’re going to have to go back and not only repeal, but replace and make health care available to every American. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN GOP presidential candidate former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee blasted the White House’s newest executive actions that aim to restrict firearms. [“In America we believe in the   confiscations, dictatorships or kings, and Obama’s newest assault on the Second Amendment is a blatant, belligerent abuse of power,” Huckabee charged in a statement on Tuesday.  I will never apologize for my firearms, my ammunition or my concealed carry license. I will never apologize for defending your right to have the same. I will never apologize for protecting myself, my family or my friends. I will never apologize for supporting and defending the Constitution of the United States from all enemies, foreign and domestic. And I will never bow down and surrender to Obama’s unconstitutional, radical,   agenda. Washington is    and it’s time for a president that puts Americans first. President Obama is issuing unilateral actions expanding background checks, among other gun control moves. Thursday on the House floor while speaking against the Sunshine For Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act, Rep. Hank Johnson ( ) decried the “free market way of thinking. ”  Johnson said, “There has been a movement over the last 30, 40 years to turn people against the government. This mantra is that government is too big, we don’t need any rules to govern human conduct, let everything work itself out and the free market system will make it rain for everybody. Well, we’ve seen after 30, 40 years of practicing that free market way of thinking, that it doesn’t work. ” He added “This is what this legislation is about —  is gutting the   process. This is one of many attempts —  incessant attempts —  by my friends on the other side to try and cut government and so that their friends in big business on Wall Street can make it rain for the rest of us. But they don’t make it rain for anybody but themselves. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN ISTANBUL (AP)  —   Turkish police fired tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse demonstrators who gathered Sunday for a gay pride rally in Istanbul despite a government ban. [advertisement MTV News Senior National Correspondent Jamil Smith argued Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz’s abortion position is an example of “actual attacks on women” on Thursday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “MTP Daily. ”  Smith said, “[H]e opens up another line of attack, potentially, by saying real men don’t attack women, when Ted Cruz opposes all abortion, including abortion in the case rape and incest. So, we want to talk about actual attacks on women, you know, tweets about your wife are terrible, but I think that we should talk about some bigger issues. ” (  Ken Shepherd) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett While taking a walk from his work at Circle B Bar Reserve in Lakeland, FL, Alex Figueroa saw what he estimated to be an 11 or 12 foot alligator eating a much smaller alligator.  (  ABC10) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is calling for a boycott of Apple if the company doesn’t comply with the FBI investigation into the San Bernardino terrorist attack. [Trump posted on Twitter:  I use both iPhone  Samsung. If Apple doesn’t give info to authorities on the terrorists I’ll only be using Samsung until they give info.  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 19, 2016,  The GOP candidate also mentioned the controversy during his afternoon campaign rally in South Carolina on Friday. He added: Boycott all Apple products  until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal,  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 19, 2016,  The FBI has requested Apple aid the investigation by allowing access to one of the terrorists’ iPhones. Apple’s CEO Tim Cook has said it would be too dangerous. GOP presidential   Donald Trump sat down for an interview with Fox News Channel’s Judge Jeanine Pirro that aired Saturday on “Justice. ”  Trump told Pirro that the Republican National Committee, including chairperson Reince Priebus, has treated him fairly. “The RNC has treated me fairly,” Trump said. “Reince [Priebus] has been very good   …     Don’t forget, he was looking at 18, and probably at the highest point 18 people, and they were governors and they were senators, and not everybody agrees with everything I’m doing. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is scaring off the other Democratic candidates in the swing state of North Carolina, where Clinton is set to make a campaign speech Wednesday afternoon. [Both gubernatorial candidate Roy Cooper and Senate candidate Deborah Ross are going to skip out on the Clinton rally in Raleigh, with Ross citing a “prior commitment” and Cooper giving no explanation for his  .  Trump is leading Clinton 43. 8 to 42. 8 percent in the Real Clear Politics rolling poll average and beats her 47 to 43 in a recent survey conducted by the   firm Public Policy Polling. America Rising trackers have recently caught both Cooper and Ross “running away,” as the super PAC put it, from Clinton questions:  INDIANAPOLIS (AP)  —   In a setback for Donald Trump, Indiana’s governor endorsed the  ’s chief rival, Ted Cruz, on Friday, just days before the state’s critical Republican primary contest. [advertisement Sunday, hundreds gathered at Hampshire College to protest the school’s decision to stop flying the American flag.  MassLive compiled video from the demonstration, which saw people waving American flags and singing “God Bless America. ” War veterans, Springfield Mayor Domenic Sarno, Springfield City Councilor Kateri Walsh and Westfield state Rep. John Velis, who served in Afghanistan, all urged Hampshire College to fly the flag again. Campus Reform also captured video of the protest.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo From the Hill Peter Schroeder writes:  CLEVELAND  —   Longtime Donald Trump ally Roger Stone laid into Ted Cruz minutes after his   Wednesday, calling him a “dumb son of a bitch” and a “despicable human being. ” Stone, who spoke to The Hill as he left the Quicken Loans Arena, warned that the Texas senator’s public refusal to back Trump would come back to haunt him. “By Ted Cruz not supporting the nominee he’s exempted himself from real conservatives,” he said. “No voter gives a crap about what Ted Cruz does, the only person this hurts is Ted Cruz,” Stone said. Read the rest of the story here. On a special edition of Breitbart News Sunday, SiriusXM host and Breitbart News Chairman Stephen K. Bannon will be lead a discussion on the populist nationalist movements challenging the global elites, as evinced this week with the historic Brexit vote. [Special guests include Stephen Miller, the Senior Policy Advisor to Donald Trump, and Breitbart Editor in Chief Alex Marlow.  We’ll also hear from Breitbart Texas Editor Brandon Darby and Breitbart correspondents Lee Stranahan, Julia Hahn, and Michael Patrick Leahy. Breitbart News Sunday is broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 7PM to 10PM Eastern. Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   . Although the Reuters report clearly states that one of the two Muslim refugees  arrested this week on charges of terrorism “came to the United States in 2012 as a refugee from Syria,” this was CNN’s chyron during its Friday morning report:   —   Liars at CNN reporting this when one is from Syria. pic. twitter.   —   John Nolte (@NolteNC) January 8, 2016,   —   As I mentioned in my original piece, get ready for one of the biggest media   in years.   Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                 GREENVILLE, Ga. (AP)  —   Authorities have arrested a Georgia teenager accused of threatening the life of GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump on social media. [Meriwether County Sheriff Chuck Smith said Friday that a    boy was arrested. His arrest is the second announced this week in the state after a    in Troup County was arrested for making an alleged death threat toward Trump on social media.  The teens’ names haven’t been released and neither have the nature of their alleged threats. Smith says the    boy is charged with terroristic threats and acts. The death threat was reported to the FBI Hotline, who forwarded the information onto the U. S. Secret Service and Meriwether authorities. The    boy is being held at the Columbus Regional Youth Detention Center pending a hearing in juvenile court. GREEN BAY, Wis. (AP)  —   The Minnesota Vikings won the NFC North by holding on for a   win Sunday night over the Green Bay Packers.  Adrian Peterson ran for a touchdown, cornerback Captain Munnerlyn returned a fumble 55 yards for a score, and Minnesota ( ) claimed its first division title since 2009. The Vikings will host the Seattle Seahawks for a   playoff game next weekend. The Packers ( ) will travel to Washington after watching their   reign atop the NFC North end. The upstart Vikings survived despite a shaky finish in hostile territory. The defense knocked away a desperation pass in the end zone from Aaron Rodgers on fourth down as time expired. Packers kicker Mason Crosby forced a fumble on Cordarrelle Patterson’s potentially     kickoff return with 5:21 left. But the Packers’ next drive ended with Rodgers being intercepted in the end zone by Xavier Rhodes. ___, AP NFL website: www. pro32. ap. org and www. twitter.  On the Saturday broadcast of “Justice” on Fox News Channel, GOP presidential   Donald Trump called in and discussed National Review, who published a     manifesto entitled “Against Trump. ”  “Well, it’s a failing magazine, you know that. It’s been failing badly, and they’re getting some publicity,” Trump said of National Review. He later added, “I can only say this  —   the National Review is a failing publication. It’s not going to be around long. And they’ll get some publicity. A lot of the writers think it’s going to help me more because people are tired of the negativity from these people. All they do is talk, but they don’t have solutions to anything, and so I mean, I’m fine with it. I’m not going to be reading it because I don’t read it very much anyway. But a lot of people don’t read it anymore. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent President Barack Obama declined to say whether he voted for Hillary Clinton or Sen. Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primary in Illinois. [Obama was asked about his vote by the Wall Street Journal’s Carol Lee, but he did not appear willing to talk about the election.  “It’s a secret ballot, isn’t it?” Obama replied. “Okay. I, no, I’m not going to tell you now. ” White House press secretary Josh Earnest confirmed earlier this month that both Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama voted absentee in their home state’s primary. “I can tell you that both the president and the first lady voted absentee in the Illinois Democratic primary,” Earnest told reporters during a press briefing. “I’ll let them decide if they want to disclose who they voted for. ” A woman who suspected her husband of cheating on her with their maid found evidence to prove her hunch when her pet parrot started squawking saucy lines that she knew hadn’t been said to her. [The woman took the parrot to police to expose her husband for his affair, which is illegal in Kuwait where they lived, the Daily Mail reported.  She filed an adultery complaint with police, but authorities ruled that the parrot couldn’t be used as evidence because it was impossible to determine where the parrot had heard it. They argued the parrot could have spouted those lines from a television or radio show. In Kuwait, which is a Muslim country, adultery is illegal and people found guilty of it are sentenced to severe punishment. President Barack Obama has not weighed in on the Colin Kaepernick controversial decision to sit during the national anthem, but the White House defended the NFL quarterback’s right to do so. [During the White House press briefing on Monday, press secretary Josh Earnest reminded reporters that the 49ers quarterback had the right to his protest in the United States.  “I certainly don’t share the views that Mr. Kaepernick expressed after the game in explaining his reasoning for his actions,” Earnest said. “But we surely all acknowledge and even defend his right to express those views in the settings that he chooses. ” Earnest rarely shares his personal opinion about the news, but he sometimes chooses to do so in the absence of a reaction from the President. “Even as objectionable as we find his perspective, he certainly is entitled to express them,” Earnest said. David Salmon uploaded video to his Facebook of the scary fall he took while going down a slide at a private home near Lake Travis in Austin, TX.  The   video shows Salmon going around a turn on the slide and flying off. The caption Salmon wrote for the post says, “Too dang old to be going down water slides. Fell off this one that is over a rocky cliff. The location of the slide made it difficult for rescue crews to reach Salmon, who suffered a broken arm, and fractured ribs, as well as lacerations, cuts and bruises on his back, arms and side. (  Fox 8) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports,” Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( ) said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is “hurting” after the 2016 campaign because of the “” and “  intrusion,” she endured.  Feinstein said, “We had a quiet dinner, just the two of us in my hideaway. I am extraordinarily fond of this woman. I think it is fair to say she’s hurting. She is brave. She is a real professional in the sense of her values, her care, her concern. I think all of us know who watched that campaign, it was a very hard campaign for her. ” “The   the email intrusion, the misinterpretation of what she had done with the emails, 11 hours in front of a committee while she was a candidate, and she stood up to it all,” she added. “So I think she has a spine of steel. I think she’s going to come through this fine. But I think this is really a tough time for a wonderful human being. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” in commenting on the GOP’s history as the party Of President Abraham Lincoln, former Democratic presidential primary candidate former Gov. Martin O’Malley ( ) said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s “immigrant bashing and racist rhetoric would make Lincoln roll over in his grave his grave . ”  O’Malley said, “Donald Trump can not not talk about the party of Lincoln. Donald Trump’s immigrant bashing and racist rhetoric would make Lincoln roll over in his grave his grave, Corey. The truth of the matter is that Donald Trump wouldn’t repudiate the support from a Klan leader. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Teenage singer Jackie Evancho will perform the National Anthem at Donald Trump’s inauguration in Washington, DC on January 20, the  ’s inaugural committee announced Wednesday. [The    opera singer is best known for her appearance on America’s Got Talent, where she finished second during the 2010 season, at just 10 years old.  “I have recently been asked by the   to perform the National Anthem for the   ceremony at the inauguration,” Evancho said on Today Wednesday morning. “I’m so excited. It’s going to be awesome. ” Evancho’s performance follows previous National Anthem singers Aretha Franklin and Beyoncé, who performed at President Obama’s first and second inaugurations, respectively. The young singer has met Trump before she snapped a photo with the    at his    club in 2010. There has been speculation that other singers could perform at Trump’s inauguration, including country star Garth Brooks and rapper Kanye West.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum Jeb Bush is mocking GOP rival Donald Trump for his decision to skip Thursday night’s debate in Iowa, and said he made a bet of $20 that the frontrunner will show up after all. [“I’ve got a $20 bet he shows up,” Bush said during a town hall with Nationwide insurance employees, according to Politico. He added that Trump would show up “because it’s in his interest. ”  “Poor little Donald,” Bush ridiculed. “Barack Obama doesn’t go on Fox either, so now they have that in common. ” Bush  —   once thought by establishment donors to be the Republican Party’s frontrunner  —   is struggling in the polls. He continued his mocking of Trump’s decision to skip the debate. Trump asserted Kelly had not treated him fairly in the first Fox News debate. “Really? He complains about not being treated fairly by the press? He consumes all the press,” Bush said. “He’s a Stradivarius violinist in the Vienna symphony, man. I mean, the press is just being played like nobody’s business. ” Conservative Review ranks the value of the Republican presidential candidates’ endorsements. [From Conservative Review:  Conservative Review has taken a look at the Liberty Score® of each member of Congress to find out which candidate conservative lawmakers are rallying behind, and which candidate the Establishment has anointed as their chosen champion of the status quo. A look at the below tables shows that members of Congress who are most conservative are endorsing Ted Cruz for president. The average Liberty Score® of Cruz’s backers is 83% a “B”: Senator Rubio has the most endorsements, but the average Liberty Score® of his supporters is 54% an “F”. Read the rest of the story here. Men dressed as Medieval knights and competed in the middle of London as part of a resurgence in popular English St George’s Day celebrations. [The festival took place on the site of the famous Vauxhall pleasure gardens and is hosted by the Tea House Theatre, a local tea room.  The day also included Punch and Judy and traditional Morris dancers. St George is the patron saint of England and his feast day has been celebrated since the Middle Ages. In recent decades, the popularity of the day has waned and it is not a public holiday. However, as England rediscovers its place in the world there has been a gradual resurgence in popularity.  @antoniobrown84 I truly apologize ! !!!!! That’s my word ! !! A video posted by @realpacman24 on Jan 15, 2016 at 12:32pm PST, Cincinnati Bengals defensive back Adam “Pacman” Jones issued an apology Friday on his Instagram to Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Antonio Brown after accusing him of faking an injury in their playoff game Saturday.  Brown went through concussion protocol all week following the shot to the head and has been ruled out for Sunday’s playoff game at Denver. “A. B. my apology, my brother. I’m a man of my word and I’ve been doing a little traveling which is what took me so long   …     I apologize, sincerely man. Get well,” Jones said, The apology comes after Jones told Dan Patrick on his radio show, “I know he was faking. Go back and look at the play. You go back and slow motion the play and you tell me Vontaze hit him in the head or did his shoulder pads barely touch him?” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent NEW YORK (AP)  —     broadcaster Univision won an auction Tuesday for Gawker Media, which was put on the block in the aftermath of a $140 million judgment against it in the Hulk Hogan    case. [advertisement A man in New York has been charged with manslaughter after brutally attacking the man who attempted to rape his wife Monday, says a WGNTV report.  According to police, a man entered the    woman’s apartment while asking for water, struck her and attempted to rape her, causing bruising on her forehead and her clothes to be ripped. The woman was able to alert her husband, Mamadou Diallo, of the attack with her cell phone. Diallo eventually entered the apartment as the attack was still happening. He punched the attempted rapist, identified as Earl D. Nash, multiple times. Police found Nash with severe body and head trauma. He was later pronounced dead at a nearby hospital. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Thursday on ABC’s “Good Morning America,” White House correspondent Jonathan Karl interviewed Republican presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) who took on his rival Donald Trump by saying Trump needs to explain how he will accomplish his proposals.  Karl asked,  “But are you going to go after Donald Trump?” Rubio said, “It’s no longer, in my opinion, enough to continue to say the great things we’re going to do, but you won’t tell us how you’re going to do them. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Breitbart News Sunday this evening on SiriusXM 125 The Patriot Channel from 7 to 10 p. m. ET, Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos joins    Alex Marlow in studio for the entire broadcast. [Guests and topics include:     Howley on delegate complications and the GOP horse race.   Patrick Leahy on Tuesday’s New York primary.   Martel on the migrant crisis, Saudi Arabia’s role in   and other national security headlines.   Stranahan on the institutional left and the coming summer of protests.   Johnson on her new podcast and Breitabart  .   Dulis on The Internet. Listen online on SiriusXM On Demand and call in to the show at 866 95 PATRIOT. Trump Tower in New York City is becoming even more secure with “heightened security measures,” which will take place in July around the time of the Republican National Convention. [“Now, as well as resident’s IDs being checked upon entry to the building, tenants will have to start ‘filling out applications for anyone who wants to visit them,’ The Daily Mail also reports.  Trump told Page Six, “It’s true. And the residents love it because it was already the best building in New York, and it will be even more secure. ” The penthouse is home to Trump, his wife Melania, and his son Barron. ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP)  —   Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe said Tuesday that he is confident he followed the law in accepting donations that now appear to be part of a federal criminal investigation. [advertisement A resident of Lumberton, North Carolina, has been shot outside the town’s Sonic fast food restaurant. The victim’s name is Ronald McDonald. [Authorities say    Ronald McDonald was wounded after an argument with another man as the pair stood outside the fast food location in Lumberton.  Police report that Mr. McDonald argued with Telvin Drummond, a    Sonic employee. Apparently, the pair argued on two separate occasions during the evening of June 23, with the second incident ending in gunfire. McDonald is the husband of one of the restaurant’s managers. Lumberton police report that the investigation is ongoing, and no one has yet been charged. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com. Donald Trump mocked Hillary Clinton as unserious on foreign policy and a “punchline” to America’s foes and rivals in an online campaign ad. [In an Instagram video posted Wednesday afternoon, Trump juxtaposes footage of tough international leaders —  Vladimir Putin practicing martial arts, an Islamic State soldier pointing a gun —  with a clip of Hillary Clinton barking like a yappy dog.   Is this what we want for a President? A video posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on Mar 16, 2016 at 9:15am PDT,  “When it comes to facing our toughest opponents  …     The Democrats have the perfect answer  …    ” the   video says before playing the Hillary clip twice. “We don’t need to be a punchline!” the titles conclude, soundtracked by footage of Vladimir Putin laughing out loud.   Officials say the decision was taken after several years of discussion about how to prevent   interest. Hitler was born in the house in the town of Braunau am Inn in April, 1889. The property has been leased from its owner by the government since 1972, and it was used for many years as a centre for people with disabilities. But it fell empty in 2011 following a dispute between the government and the owner, Gerlinde Pommer, who refused to grant permission for renovation. The new plan would include an offer of compensation from the state to her, interior ministry spokesman   Grundboeck told AFP news agency. You can read the rest of the story here.  Saturday on MSNBC, NBC host Chuck Todd reacted to the lewd comments GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump made while being recorded in 2005 on a hot microphone.  According to Todd, the comments made in the recording means Trump has lost the “moral authority to lead. ” “He’s lost any hope of having any kind of moral authority to lead. And that is a part of the presidency, and, you know, it is  —   look, this is on a level we’ve not seen before,” Todd stated. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  At a campaign appearance for Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton on Saturday in Concord, NH, former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright at some harsh words for women not voting for Clinton in the upcoming primary.  Albright said there was a “special place in hell” for women not helping other women out, which was caught on camera by Fox News and aired on Saturday. “We can tell our story about how we climbed the ladder and a lot of you younger women don’t think you have to  —   it’s been done,” Albright said. “It’s not done, and you have to help. Hillary Clinton will always be there for you. And just remember, there’s a special place in hell for women who don’t help each other. ” (  American Mirror) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor BERLIN (Reuters)  —   For the first time since the end of the Cold War, the German government plans to tell citizens to stockpile food and water in case of an attack or catastrophe, the Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung newspaper reported on Sunday. [advertisement TMZ Sports released a clip of an upcoming interview with   Donald Trump discussing New England Patriots star quarterback Tom Brady on Fox News Channel’s “OBJECTified: Donald Trump,” set to air at 10 p. m. ET.  Trump said Brady is “totally innocent” in the 2015 “ ” scandal that ultimately led to a   suspension two seasons later for the quarterback. “[Brady] played better when he had the other ball,” Trump said. “I think Tom is totally innocent. I think Tom, first of all I know him, he’s an honorable guy, and I’m with him all the way. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent On Sunday, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will face off against Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton in the second presidential debate at St. Louis’ Washington University at 9 p. m. ET.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Vice   Mike Pence met with the House Republican Conference to express a wish for unity so that Congress can work together with the Trump Administration. [Pence told the Conference that he and   Donald Trump want to focus on tax reform and relief, securing the border, repealing and eventually replacing Obamacare, creating jobs, increasing security and building infrastructure.  According to a press release from the transition team, Pence also shared an update on the transition process regarding key appointments. “He also solicited feedback and suggestions from Conference members on additional appointments and communicated a desire to receive additional input in the weeks ahead,” notes the press release. Pence also met with Democratic Party leaders  —   Sen. Chuck Schumer and Rep. Nancy Pelosi  —   during his time on Capitol Hill. On Saturday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” Senate Minority Leader Senator Harry Reid ( ) argued Russia’s involvement in the 2016 election is a thousand times worse than 2000’s hanging chads and that   Donald Trump “lost the election, actually by about 3 million votes, but we have the system we have here, which, by the way, should change very soon. ”  Reid responded to a question on whether he thought about Russian intervention in the 2016 election undermined Trump’s incoming administration by saying, “Well, Trump’s the president. He was elected, you know, this is a hanging chad 1, 000 times over. He lost the election, actually by about 3 million votes, but we have the system we have here, which, by the way, should change very soon. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett The latest poll in New York shows Donald Trump comfortably ahead in his home state  —   leading his rivals by 43 points, according to the   College poll. [Sixty percent of likely Republican voters in the state support Trump. Ted Cruz only has 17 percent. John Kasich is in third with 14 percent.  To sweep the state’s 95 delegates, Trump would need to win more than 50 percent of the Republican primary votes in each congressional district on April 19. But while Trump is popular among Republicans, he is not necessarily popular with the rest of the state. The poll of all voters showed that 60 percent of New York residents have an unfavorable view of Trump. advertisement On Thursday, four “sovereign citizens” temporarily entered the Army National Guard base located near Fresno Yosemite International Airport. [Two of the “sovereign citizens” were men “with long, Duck   beards. ” They were accompanied by two women. All four said “they were seeking refuge from terrorism. ”  According to the Fresno Bee, the four “spoke about terrorism [once on the base] and one of the women reportedly said she would ‘shoot first and ask questions later,’ apparently in reference to a confrontation with terrorists. ” Saturday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” host Joy Reid disagreed with chairman of the Black Republican Caucus of Florida Sean P. Jackson when he said that if it was not for Republicans,   would still be enslaved.  “Sean, Abraham Lincoln is long dead. Let’s talk about the current Republican nominee,” Reid said. “I think the reason   have civil rights is because   fought for them. ” “Republicans are the ones that passed it when Democrats continually turned it down,” Jackson replied. “No, that’s not true, either,” Reid interrupted. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Washington Post columnist E. J. Dionne commented Saturday on MSNBC on GOP   Donald Trump’s campaign, saying Southerners hear “racial overtones” to his immigration statements.  “I think in the case of Donald Trump, a lot of people in the South hear a kind of candidate that they have related to in the past, his attacks on political correctness, racial overtones to what he says about immigration on other issues and his general attack on the establishment. I think you have a lot of conservatives who are disappointed that conservative politicians have made promises to the   that they never kept,” Dionne said. He went on to say that the Republican party has taken working class voters for granted, and Trump is “running a kind of class war. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Monday on MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports,” Rep. Charlie Rangel ( ) accused Republicans of being “a party that has the Ku Klux Klan. ”  Rangel said, “Look black folks have been looking for justice in this country. We got Obama, are we satisfied? Heck no. If someone out there is screaming we should not have another black president, I am not saying don’t scream. All I am saying realistically, we have to realize that things have to be done. Even in the great state of New York we got the  $15 minimum wage, but upstate they don’t get it, they get $12. Is that something to knock Governor Cuomo’s political courage about, I think not. If you are looking for something to be different about there  it is plenty no matter who’s running for president. But We are seeing the end of the Republican party as we know it. A party that has the Ku Klux Klan, has the Tea Party, the Freedom Party and it used to be the party of Lincoln, and we are seeing it fall apart. ” Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN In a Monday interview with Boston radio show “Kirk and Callahan” on WEEI, New England Patriots star quarterback Tom Brady discussed his longtime friend and GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump.  Brady defended his move to walk out after a question about Trump’s “locker room talk,” saying he did not want to be a distraction to his team. He also added Trump has always supported him and encouraged him over their    relationship, adding that he has “always had a good time with him. ” “I met [Trump] I guess probably 15, 16 years ago,” Brady said. “We’ve played golf together many, many times and I’ve always had a good time with him. He’s been a friend of mine. He’s supported our team. He’s supported the Patriots. He’s been on the Patriots’ sidelines a lot and always called me after games to encourage me over the course of 15 years. That’s kind of the way it is. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent    Donald Trump offered condolences to the family of slain NYPD Sgt. Paul Tuozzolo on Thursday, speaking to the officer’s widow. [“I’m very sorry I cannot be there with you today. My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family during this difficult time,” Trump said to Tuozzolo’s wife, according to the New York Post. On Thursday, thousands of officers honored Tuozzolo at his funeral.  “I want to express my condolences from me and my family,” Trump reportedly stated. Tuozzolo had two children. He was shot and killed by a   Manuel Rosales last week after responding to a  . “Thousands of cops gathered on Long Island on Thursday for Tuozzolo’s funeral,” reports the New York Post. (AP) Republican Donald Trump won the presidency fueled by a surge of   whites across a band of Midwestern states. Those are the kind of voters who had helped anchor Democratic presidential victories for a generation. [Trump won states such as Pennsylvania and Iowa that had twice backed Barack Obama.  Exit polls and unofficial returns reflect deep racial, gender, economic and cultural divides across the region and nationally. Trump’s support Tuesday skewed older, more male and overwhelmingly white. His supporters said they are deeply dissatisfied with the federal government and eager for change. That’s according to the exit polls conducted by Edison Research for national media outlets. Democrat Hillary Clinton’s support was anchored in cities, but it wasn’t enough to overcome Trump’s advantages in small towns, rural areas and many suburbs. From the BBC:  The mainstream US press has largely reacted to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s gun rights remarks with dismay and some anger.   …     However, conservative Breitbart website’s Second Amendment columnist AWR Hawkins accuses the media of launching a “full frontal” attack on Trump and gun owners. “The media allegations were so extreme, they not only insulted Trump but   as well” he writes. He goes on to accuse the mainstream media of reporting on Mr Trump’s comments only once Mrs Clinton’s campaign manager Robby Mook had alleged he was suggesting “violence”. Read the rest of the story at the BBC. Wednesday on CNN’s “The Lead,” while commenting on reports about new email exchanges raising questions about whether Clinton Foundation donors got preferential treatment from Hillary Clinton’s State Department, host Jake Tapper said the story did “feed into the narrative out there that the Clintons in general don’t think that the rules apply to them. ”  Tapper said, “This does feed into the narrative out there that the Clintons in general don’t think that the rules apply to them, and can’t understand why anybody would ever question their ethics or their integrity. This is exactly what the Obama transition team in 2008 wanted to avoid. They wanted a clear dilatation between the foundation and the State Department. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Ann Coulter, author of “Adios, America” said that presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump “is the heart and soul of the party” and “there’s no point in meeting” with Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) and “these generals without armies” on Tuesday’s edition of MSNBC’s “Hardball with Chris Matthews. ”  Coulter said, “Trump is being unbelievably gracious. He doesn’t need to have this meeting. He is the party. He is the heart and soul of the party. And I think he could have just said, ‘Hope he comes aboard. We’re going to have a lot of fun. But if he doesn’t, oh well.’   …     But the people are with him and there’s no point in meeting with these generals without armies. ” (  Mediaite) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Tuesday at Joint Base Pearl   HI, at a speech with President Barack Obama, Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said,”As the prime minister of Japan, I offer my sincere and everlasting condolences to the souls of those who lost their lives here. ”  Abe said, “I cast flowers on behalf of the Japanese people upon the waters where those sailors and Marines sleep. President Obama, the people of the United States of America, and people around the world, as the prime minister of Japan, I offer my sincere and everlasting condolences to the souls of those who lost their lives here. And also to the souls of the innocent people who became innocent victims of the war. We must never repeat the horrors of war again. This is the solemn vow we the people of Japan have taken. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN CHICAGO (AP)  —   Chicago police say the number of homicides in the city climbed dramatically in January to 51, in the bloodiest start to a year in at least 16 years. [advertisement WASHINGTON (AP)  —   Bernie Sanders wins the Democratic presidential caucuses in Maine, adding an 8th state to his total in the 2016 race for president. [The Associated Press declared Mr. Sanders winner with 80% of precincts reporting. Mr. Sanders was drawing 64. 2% support, beating former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton when the race was called.  The victory gives Sanders a total of three victories over the weekend to Clinton’s one. Jill Stein on her recount effort: “Having a secure elections process benefits us all” https:  .  https:  .  Saturday on CNN, Green Party candidate Jill Stein defended her effort for a recount in multiple states, saying it “should be a   powered effort to ensure that we can rely on the integrity and security of our votes. ”  “The point to drive home here is that having a secure elections process benefits us all,” Stein explained. “I invite everyone. I invite Donald Trump’s campaign, Hillary’s campaign, we’ve had calls out to Gary Johnson’s campaign  —   this should be a   people powered effort to ensure that we can rely on the integrity and security of our votes. ” (  The Hill) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent An unidentified gunman shot and moderately wounded a female IDF soldier at the Cave of the Patriarchs near the West Bank city of Hebron on Sunday.  There were unconfirmed suspicions that the fire was carried out by a sniper from a nearby rooftop. Twitter carried this early vision: HEBRON  —   WATCH: Israeli woman wounded by Palestinian sniper near Tomb of Patriarchs, being rushed to the hospital. pic. twitter.   —   Israel News Feed (@IsraelHatzolah) January 3, 2016,  Magen David Adom medical teams provided initial treatment to the    victim before evacuating her to Shaare Zedek Medical Center in Jerusalem. IDF forces were searching the area for suspects.  The flashpoint West Bank site is a hotspot for violence and clashes. Read more at the Jerusalem Post,   Richard Pollack reports at the Daily Caller:  Washington Post reporter Robert O’Harrow’s Wednesday story on Bannon’s relationship with GAI  —   which Bannon helped found in 2012, serving as its chairman  —   and Breitbart withheld some key facts.   …     Left out of O’Harrow’s story is the fact nonprofit news organizations across the ideological spectrum have relationships with other news outlets. It’s not uncommon for news executives like Bannon to wear two journalistic hats at the same time. As an example, the Poynter Institute, a liberal nonprofit organization, owns the   Tampa Bay Times newspaper and the “ ” outlet called PolitiFact. Paul C. Tash, Poynter’s chairman, simultaneously serves as the Times Publishing Company Publisher, plus he oversees the Institute’s International   Network (IFCN) as well as PolitiFact. Read the rest here.  The Independent reports: United Nations   Ban   has said the organisation has a “disproportionate” volume of resolutions against Israel, which he believes has “foiled the ability of the UN to fulfill its role effectively”. [Addressing the UN Security Council on Friday, Mr Ban said: “Over the last decade I have argued that we cannot have a bias against Israel at the UN.  “Decades of political maneuvering have created a disproportionate number of resolutions, reports and committees against Israel. Read more here. ANAHEIM  —   Three people were stabbed and over a dozen were arrested at a Ku Klux Klan rally in Anaheim, California’s Pearson Park on Saturday. Breitbart News was able to capture footage of the bloody melee which occurred in broad daylight:[Graphic footage below:   The brawl between the Klansmen and     left at least one man in critical condition. Blood was splattered all over the sidewalk, staining it red. At one point, activists rushed at the group and Klansmen can we seen prodding opposing activists with a flag pole. “I heard from people involved in the scuffle that Klan members started pulling out weapons immediately,” one witness said. Another told Breitbart News that he drove a long distance to the event “to stand directly against what the KKK stands for. I even brought my redneck truck. ” Some of the counter protesters can be heard screaming, “F*ck racism!” The Daily Beast’s Eleanor Clift argued the Republican “war on science” was 2015’s most   story on Friday’s “McLaughlin Group. ”  Clift said, “I guess I would give it [the award for Most   Story] to the Republican ongoing war against science, whether it’s climate change, or even investigating the psychology behind all the shootings. They won’t allow funding for research on gun violence. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Monday, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will speak in Scranton, PA at the Lackawanna College Student Union at 5:30 p. m. ET.  Video courtesy of Right Side Broadcasting Network. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Yesterday at a rally in Dayton, OH, a protester attempted to come on stage with GOP presidential   Donald Trump. A video shot with a camera phone much closer to the stage than the pool of TV cameras reveals the protester came much closer than it was previously able to be shown.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” activist and CEO of Koch Industries Charles Koch said some of the ideas put forth by Republicans during the current presidential campaign were “reminiscent of Nazi Germany” and “dangerous. ”  Partial transcript as follows: JON KARL, ABC NEWS: What did you think when you first heard Donald Trump’s proposal to put a temporary ban on all Muslims coming into the United States? KOCH: Well, obviously, that’s antithetical to our approach. What was worse was this, we’ll have them all register. That’s reminiscent of Nazi Germany. I mean, that’s monstrous. As I said at the time. KARL: You hear another top presidential candidate talk about making the sands glow and   the Middle East. KOCH: That’s got to be hyperbole. But, I mean, that  —   that candidate, whether they believe it or not, would thing that appeals to the American people? This is frightening. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN In an interview that aired Friday during CNN’s “The Situation Room,” Gov. John Kasich ( ) a candidate for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination, dismissed the suggestion he would be a good running mate instead of a presidential nominee.  Kasich told CNN’s Gloria Borger he would in fact be a worst vice president than current Vice President Joe Biden. “I would be the worst vice president anybody could ever imagine,” Kasich said. “I’d be worse than Biden. Because I’m my own man. I’m not going to take orders from these people. It’s not what I do, it’s not who I am. I’m basically an unrelenting agent of change. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor From Paulina Firozi writing at The Hill:  Billionaire investor Mark Cuban has come out in support of Hillary Clinton. “I will vote for Hillary and do my best to convince every one I know to vote for Hillary,” Cuban tweeted Friday night in response to a user who asked if he was going to vote for the Democratic nominee “to keep this racist 5 year old who throws tantrums our of office. ” The Dallas Mavericks owner said he would spread the word about his support for the former secretary of Stage, Read the rest of the story at The Hill. KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP)  —   The University of Missouri fired an assistant professor on Thursday who had been suspended after   with student journalists during protests last year, including a videotaped confrontation where she called for “some muscle” to remove a videographer from the Columbia campus. [advertisement (AP) He was fast of fist and foot  —   lip, too  —   a heavyweight champion who promised to shock the world and did. He floated. He stung. Mostly he thrilled, even after the punches had taken their toll and his voice barely rose above a whisper. [advertisement Columnist Pat Buchanan said President Obama’s “reluctance to intervene on foreign policy is good” and his “fundamental idea” is poorly applied, but is right on Friday’s “McLaughlin Group. ”  Buchanan argued President Obama’s foreign policy legacy is “a combination, I  —   his reluctance to intervene is good, but Libya is a disaster. He shouldn’t have put the red line down. And there  —   so I think, overall, I don’t give him high marks. But I do  —   his fundamental idea that we go in, we go together, and we get out and come home is right, but I think the application of it’s been very poor. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett A second film chronicling the life of young President Obama has been announced. [On the heels of Southside With You, a film about Obama’s first date with First Lady Michele in 1989, comes Barry.  According to The Hollywood Reporter, the indie drama will follow the experiences of the president in New York City in 1981, and it has found a pair of leads in actor Devon Terrell and actress Anya  . Exclusive: Young Barack Obama film casts Devon Terrell, ’The Witch’ star Anya   https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Hollywood Reporter (@THR) March 1, 2016,  Terrell, who is making his film debut, will play Obama, while   who starred in the horror movie The Witch, will portray a fellow Columbia University student. Filming on Barry is slated to begin in April. No other details have been announced. Southside With You premiered in January at the Sundance Film Festival. Watch a scene from the film below: Dr. AWR Hawkins, Breitbart’s leading expert on all things gun and gun   breaks down the details of Obama’s executive order on gun control with Breitbart daily News host Stephen K. Bannon. [While discussing the details of Obama’s gun grab in death, says Hawkins, in part:  (T) he enforcement will be psychological because it is going to scare grandma’s and grandpa’s to death. It is going to scare law abiding citizens to death that they might sell a 38 Special revolver and if they do sell it without a background check, that they might be penalized for being in the business to sell guns without being licensed to sell guns. So, it’ll accomplish what it accomplishes with a de facto reach, rather than a du jour reach. Hawkins called it “a very insidious move. ” The concise interview, reviewing Obama’s executive action in detail, can be heard below.  Baseball great Curt Schilling is backing Donald Trump. [I’ve known Mr. Trump for a little over a decade. Our first encounter, and subsequent encounters, had to do with his request for me to appear on the apprentice. We spoke at length every time we got together. I realized very quickly this was a man decisive in action and confident in his ability. I also realized that regardless of his net worth, he worked his ass off. He didn’t have time for 8 hours sleep each night, too much to be done. So why will I vote for him? Here’s a few reasons why and none of them pertains to me just not wanting to vote for someone else. I trust him. I don’t agree with him on many things, that’s cool. I also know that there is and never will be a candidate anywhere that I will agree with on everything. Read the rest here. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is still leading Hillary Clinton in the L. A. Times daily tracking poll, days after the first presidential debate. [The poll shows Trump with 46. 7 percent support while Clinton has 42. 9 percent —  a 3. 8 percent lead.  A Reuters and a PPP poll released Wednesday both showed Clinton four points ahead nationally. The USC  . A. Times Poll asks    —   about 450 people  —   of an estimated 3, 200 American citizens each day about the presidential race in order to reflect the political pulse of the country. Ynetnews reports: Among the 562 emails sent by Hillary Clinton publicly released this weekend were several regarding the former secretary of state’s thoughts about Israel, and particularly Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. [One   contains a redacted transcript of a conversation between the   secretary of and Prime Minister Netanyahu, sent by a Clinton assistant with the concise, yet evocative subject line: “Very rough”. The contents of the conversation are completely redacted after the two politicians greet each other.  In another email, Clinton discusses an interview given by outgoing Israeli National Security Adviser Uzi Arad to Nahum Barnea and Shimon Shiffer in Yedioth Ahronoth, particularly reports in Israel that Arad had been forced to resign after the Shin Bet began suspecting he was responsible for leaking information. Read more here Tonight, MILO storms Michigan State University to deliver a lecture on Islam entitled “Reclaiming Constantinople. ”[The event begins at 7 PM EST in Conrad Hall on campus. It’s the third event of MILO’s   Dangerous Faggot Tour.  MILO will discuss Islam’s warlike history with the west, and the multiple attempts of Muslim empires to conquer the European continent. You can watch the show live below at 7PM EST.  Former President Bill Clinton was asked Monday about his “past,” following Donald Trump’s comments on Clinton’s long record of sexually harassing women. [Clinton was campaigning for his wife Hillary in New Hampshire, while Hillary spent the day in Iowa.  Clinton said that “Republicans have to decide” if his past experiences with women are fair game on the campaign trail. “I think there’s always attempts to take the election away from people,” Clinton said, referring to his wife, whom he cheated on. Multiple women have accused Clinton of sexually harassing them, including Paula Jones, who sued Clinton for harassment, and Juanita Broaddrick, who claimed that Clinton raped her. Hillary Clinton is running a presidential campaign primarily focused on the fact that she is a woman.  OO. ready( function()  ) }) MSNBC’s Joy Reid shared her reaction on her show “AM Joy” Saturday to GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump’s speech at the Republican National Convention by saying it was all about the “brown phantom menace” because he tried to scare people by talking about the violence of illegal immigrants.  Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent GOP frontrunner Donald Trump isn’t attending the Colorado GOP Convention this weekend, according to The Denver Post. [“He will not be attending,” said Colorado GOP communications director Kyle Kohli.  On Saturday, the Colorado Republican Party is set to pick 13 delegates who will go to the Republican National Convention. The Denver Post reports that delegate   suggest Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) “is handily winning among the party’s activists. ” Recent reports suggest Cruz has received a higher share of favorable delegates in several states where the delegates are picked by party leaders or by activists. NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell appeared on the Thursday broadcast of “CBS This Morning” to discuss the   suspension of New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady.  Goodell called the U. S. Circuit Court of Appeals’ decision to reinstate Brady’s suspension the “right decision,” adding that this should be the end of “ . ” “Well, Charlie, this is a decision we reached last summer. It was the right decision, in according with the court of appeals, and I think this is the end of the matter,” Goodell stated. “[T]he court was very clear on the fact that the suspension was reinstated that it should not have been reversed in the first place last summer by the district court. And the court of appeals’ decision was quite strong on that. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent   Donald Trump plans to golf with the legendary Tiger Woods, in his first public round since winning the presidency in November. [A source close to Trump tells Golf Digest that the   is scheduled to play golf with Tiger Woods today at the Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Fla.  Trump has a history of support for the famous golfer, tweeting encouragement as Woods tried to make a comeback.  —   @realDonaldTrump is a yuge Tiger Woods fan  &gt pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) December 23, 2016,  Trump and Woods also worked together to design a golf course in Dubai. Trump has a history of ridiculing President Obama for playing golf instead of working to fix the country. In August, Trump urged the vacationing Obama to get off the golf course and visit the state of Louisiana after it suffered devastating floods.  As president, Obama set up a private golf game with Tiger Woods in 2013, costing taxpayers $3. 6 million.  On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” author and fellow at the Atlantic Council and the Modern War Institute at West Point Max Brooks stated that Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s poll numbers are “not her fault. That’s because the media has forgotten what their constitutional duty is. ”  After Clinton’s struggles in the polls in Florida came up, Brooks said, “Yeah, but that’s not her fault. That’s because the media has forgotten what their constitutional duty is. ” He continued, “Well, the reason we have a free press, the whole reason it’s in the Constitution is to inform us, the electorate about what we’re voting on, and they’ve forgotten that. They think this is a circus. They think this is ‘dancing with the stars.’ And so, they have given Trump probably a trillion dollars’ worth of free press over the course of this campaign. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Wednesday on “CBS This Morning,” Bloomberg Politics’ John Heilemann reacted to rift between Gov. John Kasich ( ) and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.  According to Heilemann, Trump was more in touch with the GOP base than establishment leaders like Kasich. “It tells you that in some ways that  —   that those people are out of are touch with the Republican base and that Donald Trump was not part of the party all that long ago, not a member of the party even three or four years ago, is more in touch with the what the Republican base, what the Republican rank and file than a lot of the establishment leaders. ” (  Grabien) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor MOSCOW (AFP)  —   Russia’s defence ministry on Monday said a Sukhoi jet attempting a landing on its Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier crashed after rolling off the deck, making it the second warplane to crash in a month. [“After carrying out its military assignment in Syrian airspace, a   fighter rolled beyond the deck of the Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier during landing due to breakage of the arresting cable,” the defence ministry said in a statement quoted by Russian news agencies. Sunday on CNN’s “Reliable Sources,” the   and    of The Huffington Post, Arianna Huffington defended the Huffington Post’s coverage of Donald Trump.  Huffington said, “We think he is a little bit like Kim   you know he is both a a buffoon and he is dangerous . So we started covering him as a buffoon until the day when he proposed that we ban 1. 6 billion Muslims from entering the United States From that point on we started covering him ans a clear and present danger with an editors note at the end of each story. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN (REUTERS)  —   Billionaire investor George Soros said in an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal that he would invest $500 million to meet the needs of migrants and refugees. [The investment comes in response to the Obama administration’s “Call to Action” initiative, asking U. S. companies to help ease the migrant crisis. (on. wsj. )  Soros, founder of the Open Society Foundations, also said he plans to work closely with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the International Rescue Committee to guide his investments. This comes a day after the ceasefire between the U. S. and Russia in Syria ended, after a Syrian or Russian aircraft attacked an aid convoy near Aleppo. Open Society Foundations was not immediately available for comment. (Reporting by Parikshit Mishra in Bengaluru Editing by Sunil Nair) CAIRO (AP)  —   Smoke was detected in multiple places on EgyptAir flight 804 moments before it plummeted into the Mediterranean, but the cause of the crash that killed all 66 on board remains unclear, the French air accident investigation agency said on Saturday. [advertisement SUMTER, South Carolina  —   GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is answering critics that say he was too aggressive during his debate performance last Saturday night in Greenville, South Carolina. [“You have to be mean,” Trump said of correcting perceived lies about him in response to critics who said he was aggressive during the GOP primary debate last Saturday when Trump attacked former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, his brother President George W. Bush and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ).  “The people that follow Trump are angry,” Trump said, confirming a previous allegation made by South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley about Trump supporters. “We’re not angry people,” he corrected, but said his supporters can get upset with incompetent leaders. Trump told roughly 3, 500 supporters at the Sumter County Civic Center on Wednesday night that he’s a “common sense conservative,” adding, “we have to be smart. ” advertisement CORPUS CHRISTI, Texas  —   Authorities continue to search for answers as to how a raft with the mummified body of a Cuban national floated to the Texas coast. It remains unclear how many may have drowned along the way. [advertisement PHILADELPHIA, Pennsylvania  —   Protesters at the Democratic National Convention grew even rowdier than on previous nights and a U. S. flag was lit on fire  —   and a protester attempting to dance on the burning flag ended up on fire. The graphic video can be seen below. Police and protesters attempted to treat the injuries and worked together to carry off the burned protester. Mia Love will not attend the RNC convention and serve as a Utah delegate. [advertisement The New York Times editorial board officially endorsed Hillary Clinton on Saturday, in an   that explicitly states its intent to fire up   voters who are indifferent to the Democratic nominee. [advertisement Wednesday,   Snoop Dogg called San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick “hypocritical” to protest social injustice but praise recently deceased Cuban Dictator Fidel Castro, although Kaepernick has since tried to back away from his Castro support.  “He’s sort of kind of hypocritical in so many words because he’s pushing this, but at the same time he’s giving credit for this and this is the same abuse that [Cubans] been taking. so it makes you hypocritical to be able to speak on this topic and that topic. That’s why I say he doesn’t have a team. If he had a team, they would tell him, ‘You can’t say this. This is what you need to say,’” Snoop said on Fox Sports 1’s “Undisputed. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent In an interview that aired Friday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” while discussing his relationship with former Gov. Mitt Romney ( ) and President Barack Obama,   Donald Trump said he had “good chemistry” with Obama and Romney,  When asked about Romney being under consideration for secretary of state, Trump said, “Well he’s been very gracious. Don’t forget, I hit Mitt pretty hard also, I mean before the fact. And so I understand how it all works. But he’s been very, very nice. We had dinner the other night. It was great. there was actually a good chemistry. There was really good chemistry with him and with President Obama. It was amazing, we were supposed to sit down for ten minutes and we ended up sitting down for about an hour and a half, keeping everybody waiting. But we had a great talk. ” While speaking Monday at a Democratic rally in Flint, MI, former president Bill Clinton criticized ObamaCare, calling it “the craziest thing in the world. ”  “So you’ve got this crazy system where all of a sudden 25 million more people have health care and then the people who are out there busting it, sometimes 60 hours a week, wind up with their premiums doubled and their coverage cut in half. It’s the craziest thing in the world,” the husband of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said. (  CNN) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton argued that she is privileged, and “it is hard, when you’re swimming in the ocean to know exactly what’s happening around you” when asked about white privilege at Iowa Brown and Black Forum broadcast on Fusion on Monday.  Hillary, in response to a question on what “white privilege” means to her, and whether she has benefited from it, said “it is hard, when you’re swimming in the ocean to know exactly what’s happening around you, so much as it is when you’re standing on the shore, perhaps watching. ” Hillary added that she went to good schools, and had a “strong, supportive families,” and “never really knew what was or wasn’t part of the privilege. I just knew that I was a lucky person. ” She further stated that she realized she was privileged when she was around    and she volunteered to babysit the children of migrant workers. (  The Right Scoop) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett The New York Post’s Claire Atkinson reports on the impact Breitbart’s boycott of Kellogg’s has had on the cereal giant’s stock. The #DumpKelloggs boycott effort was launched in response to Kellogg’s attack on the “values” of Breitbart and our 45 million monthly readers. [From the New York Post:  Looks like Kellogg has a little Eggo on its face. The cereal giant, whose products include Frosted Flakes, Corn Flakes and Eggo Waffles, found itself on the firing line on Thursday after the   news outlet Breitbart News launched a campaign calling for its readers to boycott the food maker.   …     Kellogg’s stock has fallen 3. 6 percent in the last two days in part because of the Breitbart brouhaha. Read the rest here.  From David Ng writing at the Los Angeles Times:  Conservative lightning rod Milo Yiannopoulos was in high spirits late Tuesday night just hours after he learned that he had been permanently banned from Twitter. “Are you kidding? This is the most gigantic possible gift!” the Breitbart News senior editor said by phone from Cleveland, where he was attending the Republican National Convention. He contended that his ban was politically motivated and represents a threat to free speech.   …     Yiannopolous sees his permanent ban as a political move by Twitter. “There’s a systemic bias against conservatives and libertarians [on Twitter],” he said. “The progressive press is going to take their side, dishonestly suggesting that I was making life difficult for a black woman. ” He added: “This is a political decision. With this they are sending a message to conservatives that they’re not welcome on Twitter. ” Read the rest of the story at the Los Angeles Times. Monday on MSNBC’s “The Rachel Maddow Show,” presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton questioned the motivations of her opponent Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) attempting to convert   super delegates and retake the nomination from Clinton.  According to Clinton, such a move would undermine “the will of the people. ” “I find it perplexing,” Clinton said when asked by host Rachel Maddow. “What he basically seems to be saying is that the will of the people should be overturned. I have this very substantial lead in the popular vote, more than 3 million votes. That means more than 3 million Democrats and others voting in Democratic contests have chosen me. I have a very significant lead in pledged delegates. He’s basically seems to be suggesting that super delegates should overturn the will of the people. That is just hard for me to understand. It’s never happened before. It’s not going to happen this time. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Sunday on CNN’s “Inside Politics,” when asked about Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton telling bankers behind closed doors that she wanted “open trade and open borders” according to transcripts of her leaked Wall Street speeches, Politico’s Glenn Thrush said, “This was really, really damaging stuff. ”  Thrush said, “This was really, really damaging stuff. You can explain some of this away. She’s kind of said this in public in a softer way and other things she said. The most damaging thing I thought she said, just in terms of a sound bite if Trump were doing commercials was this notion that she could say things in private as a politician and then things publicly and have them be different. That confirms people’s worst fears about Hillary Clinton. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN From Michael Pearson and Yousuf Basil writing at CNN: Thursday on ABC’s “Good Morning America,” Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton declared her vote authorizing   George W. Bush to use military force against Iraq in 2002 her biggest political regret.  “I guess my greatest regret was voting to give President Bush the authority in Iraq,” Clinton said. “It did not turn out the way I thought it would based on what he had said. And I regret that. And I’ve said that it was a mistake and obviously it’s something that, you know, I wish hadn’t turned out the way it did. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor advertisement Five of the protesters that were arrested at Breitbart Senior Editor MILO’s event at Michigan State University could face felony charges, Michigan Live reports. [Michigan Live reported that Ingham County Chief Assistant Prosecutor Lisa McCormick said five of the people arrested at MILO’s event on December 7th could face up to two years in prison under the charge of resisting or obstructing police officers.   Nine other people were arrested Wednesday outside the hall for two various misdemeanors classifed as disorderly conduct, according to the MSU Police Department crime and fire log. A felony charge of resisting or obstructing police is punishable by up to two years in prison, McCormick said. The article also characterised MILO briefly, stating that he was known for his cultural narrative against political correctness. Yiannopoulos’ speech at Michigan State was called “Reclaiming Constantinople. ” He is widely known for his cultural narrative against political correctness. (Reuters)  —   Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, who is pushing for executive powers, cites Hitler’s Germany as an example of an effective presidential system, in comments broadcast by Turkish media on Friday. [Erdogan wants to change the Turkish constitution to turn the ceremonial role of president into that of a chief executive, a Turkish version of the system in the United States, France or Russia.  Asked on his return from a visit to Saudi Arabia late on Thursday whether an executive presidential system was possible while maintaining the unitary structure of the state, he said: “There are already examples in the world. You can see it when you look at Hitler’s Germany. “There are later examples in various other countries,” he told reporters, according to a recording broadcast by the Dogan news agency. Read the rest of the story at Reuters. The latest revelations against Anthony Weiner  —   allegations of sexting with an underage girl  —   could lead to criminal charges, New York Governor Andrew Cuomo suggests. A law enforcement source has told Breitbart News that NYPD is reviewing the case. [From the New York Post:  Gov. Cuomo reacted with disgust, saying that “if the reports are true, it’s possibly criminal and it is sick. “And frankly, I’ve heard enough about Anthony Weiner and I think that goes for all New Yorkers,” he added. Legal experts said he could be exposed to a slew of state and federal charges  —   including one that carries a mandatory minimum of 15 years in prison. “The federal government is very strict  —   not that state isn’t  —   but the feds are very strict when it comes to sex offenses involving children,” defense lawyer Renee Hill said. “He could be in some really serious trouble here. ” Read the rest of the story here. Former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld says GOP frontrunner Donald Trump “touched a nerve” with Americans, adding, “It’s just amazing. ”[“This election year is so different from most of, if not all, of the earlier ones that I’ve experienced,” Rumsfeld said on NBC News’s Today Show, adding that the real estate mogul “has caused people to respond in a way that most politicians have not been able to do. ”  “I see someone who has touched a nerve with our country,” he explained. Rumsfeld said voters are hungry for alternatives to politicians  —   both seen from Trump’s support and with support for Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ). “That fact that Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump are able to draw       or   people to hear them speak say that there’s something going on in our country that they’re appealing to in a very interesting, unusual way,” Rumsfeld added. Hillary Clinton supporters organized a performance of the song “Happy Birthday” in honor of the Democratic presidential nominee’s 69th birthday.[  “Well, thank you,” Clinton laughed and turned to the crowd, although she tried to talk over them during the song.  Sunday on CNN’s “Fareed Zakaria GPS,” Presidents Richard Nixon and President Gerald Ford’s former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger said   Donald Trump is “unique” among presidents in the fact that “he has absolutely no baggage. He has no obligation to any particular group. ”  Kissinger said, “This   is the most unique that I have experienced in one respect, he has absolutely no baggage. He has no obligation to any particular group because he has become a president on the basis of his own strategy and a program he put before the American public that his competitors did not present. So that is a unique situation. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Breitbart Senior    Peter Schweizer’s bombshell new book Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich, has sent the Hillary Clinton campaign scrambling. From the New York Times: advertisement Donald Trump briefly eulogized former First Lady Nancy Reagan on Twitter Sunday after news of her passing. [Reagan was an “amazing woman,” the Republican presidential candidate wrote. “She will be missed!”  Nancy Reagan, the wife of a truly great President, was an amazing woman. She will be missed!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 6, 2016,  According to the AP, the    “former first lady died Sunday at her home in the   section of Los Angeles of congestive heart failure, assistant Allison Borio told The Associated Press. ” BERLIN (AP)  —   The federal prosecutor’s office says a    German man has been detained at Duesseldorf airport upon his return from Turkey for alleged membership in the Islamic State group. [The office said in a statement Saturday that Anil O. whose last name was not given in accordance with German privacy law, is accused of having gone to Syria in August 2015 to join the extremist group.  The statement says he was given at least one Kalashnikov rifle and several hand grenades during his training and told to be ready to join IS’ fight. The man also is suspected of having asked other people in Germany to move to Syria and Iraq to become part of the militant group. The statement says the suspect left Syria and moved to Turkey last winter. The Jerusalem Post reports: A militant jihadist organization claiming to be affiliated with the   Islamic State took responsibility Saturday for a rocket attack that hit a public building in the southern Israeli town of Sderot the previous evening. [A statement released by “Aknaf Beit ” a Gaza based terror organization committed to “jihad against Jews, the enemy of God,” claimed responsibility for the attack which severely damaged an empty preschool. The group added that the weapon was “168 milometer category” rocket and  .  No injuries were reported in the aftermath of the attack. In response, the IAF struck four targets in the Gaza Strip that served as terrorist infrastructure for Hamas in the northern and central areas of the coastal enclave. “The IDF will continue to act strongly against any terror force which targets Israel and its citizens, in order to keep the south safe,” the IDF said in a statement issued by the Spokesperson Unit. Read more here .@JoeBiden says Donald Trump ran ”the most vicious” and ”craziest” campaign he’s ever witnessed https:  .  Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,”  Vice President Joe Biden said   Donald Trump ran “the most vicious campaign, the craziest campaign, I’ve ever witnessed. ”  Biden said, “I bet 10 percent of the people can tell you what Hillary’s plan was, how she was going to provide free education. It got drowned out by the most vicious campaign, craziest campaign I’ve ever witnessed in the last  —   since I’ve been involved. You know, it’s either the bulk of the debate was about     his boorish behavior. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN A landlord in Grand Junction, CO, stated in his listing he will not rent to Republican candidate Donald Trump’s supporters.[  “I guess I did it because I want America to wake up, and I know that I can’t change people’s vote but any vote for Donald Trump is in the way wrong direction,” explained landlord Mark Holmes. He told 9NEWS he “considers himself a political activist. ” While the Fair Housing Act does not allow landlords to discriminate, it does not mention “political affiliation. ” Holmes, who lives above the apartment for rent, said, “I didn’t want to live with somebody that is going to vote for Donald Trump, they’re just not my kind of person. ” In an interview with Business Insider, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) warned against those attempting to thwart a Donald Trump presidency by introducing a   alternative to the mix.  McConnell was specifically asked about Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol’s effort, which McConnell said could take votes away from a    nominee and give the presidency to a liberal like Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton. [Relevant portion at  :50] “Well I hope he’s not successful, because that will help elect Hillary Clinton to the presidency,” McConnell said. “It’s hard to run as an independent and be successful. You could conceivably take votes away from a    nominee and make it more likely that a liberal gets elected president. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor From the Daily Mail:  Read the rest of the article here. During MSNBC’s coverage of the Democratic National Convention on Tuesday, host Rachel Maddow stated that she found the top part of former President Bill Clinton’s speech to the DNC “shocking and rude. ”  Maddow began by giving the end of the speech an A+ but then said, “I think the beginning of the speech was a controversial way to start, honestly, talking about the girl, a girl, leading with this long story about him being attracted to an unnamed girl and thinking about whether he was starting something he couldn’t finish, building her whole political story, for the whole first half of the speech around her marriage to him. I think, unless there were worries that this is going to be too feminist a convention, that was not a feminist way to start. But the end of the speech was really good. I’ve got to say, the top of the speech I found shocking and rude. ” (  NTK Network) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett GOP frontrunner Donald Trump weighed in on the news about NFL Patriot’s Quarterback Tom Brady’s suspension being restored during his campaign rally in Warwick, Rhode Island on Monday. [“Leave Tom Brady alone!” Trump exclaimed. “It’s enough,” adding that he’s a great guy.  Trump was interrupted a few times during the rally by protesters, whom he called “professional agitators. ” “I actually believe that they do not love our country,” Trump said of the protesters. Tent still filling @realDonaldTrump but outside police turning crowds away.  @NBC10 pic. twitter.   —   bill rappleye (@NBC10_Bill) April 25, 2016,  Room far from full.  But fire marshall set limit @realDonaldTrump pic. twitter.   —   bill rappleye (@NBC10_Bill) April 25, 2016,  NBC 10’s Bill Rappleye told Breitbart News the fire marshall set the limit at roughly 800 to 850 people. LONDON (AP)  —   If Britain votes to leave the EU on Thursday, it’ll be final. Irreversible. Irrevocable. No appeals. No second chances. [advertisement Sunday in during a town hall in Derry, New Hampshire when State Rep. Katherine Prudhomme O’Brien, tried to ask Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton about one of her husbands alleged victims Juanita Broderrick, Clinton refused to answer her question and said Prudhomme O’Brien was “very rude. ”  Explaining she is a survivor of rape herself Prudhomme O’Brien said Bill Clinton’s sexual impropriety and the hypocrisy of woman like his wife Hillary defending him is why she became a Republican. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Former senior adviser to President Obama David Axelrod is defending   Donald Trump’s transition process. [Lots of reasons to be concerned about @realDonaldTrump transition but the pace of announcements isn’t one of them. That’s not a fair shot.  —   David Axelrod (@davidaxelrod) November 17, 2016,   We hadn’t made any major appointments at this point in 2008.  I don’t remember being criticized for it. https:  .   —   David Axelrod (@davidaxelrod) November 17, 2016,  Some members of the media and political pundits have described Trump’s transition as chaotic and lagging, but as the Washington Times’s Kelly Riddell notes, “According to a Fox News analysis, Mr. Trump is on track to name Cabinet members far earlier than most of his predecessors. ” Ohio Gov. John Kasich signed a bill into law Tuesday that will ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy in Ohio. [However, Kasich vetoed a bill that would have prohibited abortions at the first detectable fetal heartbeat  —   as early as six weeks.  Fox News reports Kasich, who identifies himself as   chose to sign the   ban that is already similar to those 15 other states have enacted. Plans are underway by national   leaders to utilize the energy from Donald Trump’s win to push for new   legislation in 2017. One such   group, Americans United for Life (AUL) released a new report Tuesday that exposes hundreds of health and safety violations in abortion clinics across the nation. Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s convention manager Paul Manafort said that it is “middle America” that does not care about Trump’s tax returns.  Manafort said, “He said he will release taxes. He said once the audit is completed he will release the taxes. ” He added, “This is an issue that the media is interested in, it is not not an issue middle America is  interested in frankly. Donald Trump will comply when the audit is done. You talk to tax attorneys who are not politically motivated, they’d never advise their clients to release any tax information in the course of an audit. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN President Barack Obama and First Lady greeted Queen Elizabeth II at Windsor Castle today, presenting a photo album to her as a gift to honor her 90th birthday.[ According to the White House, the customized photo album featured images “chronicling her visits with U. S. Presidents and First Ladies” likely including his own visit in 2009.   “The collection of historical photos in the album highlights the enduring close friendship between the United States and the United Kingdom,” the White House noted.  Obama was criticized in 2009 for presenting the Queen with an iPod as a gift, including audio files of his most important speeches.  The President and the First Lady had lunch with the Queen before departing to meet with Prime Minister David Cameron. To mark the launch of Breitbart’s merchandise store, resident gay thot MILO has released a new set of photographs of himself wearing our products. [advertisement Columnist and author of “Adios, America,” Ann Coulter declared House Speaker Representative Paul Ryan ( ) “the next Eric Cantor” on Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time. ”  Coulter said of Ryan, “He is so hated by the base.   …     He’s the next Eric Cantor, who was the highest member leadership ever to lose in a primary. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” talk show host and liberal political commentator Tavis Smiley said he is tired of Democrats taking the   vote for granted.  Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Nate Cohn writes that Donald Trump will likely pick up a good portion of Pennsylvania’s unbound delegates and could need only 270 more delegates to clinch the Republican nomination. [advertisement During a radio interview Thursday, Kentucky Senator Rand Paul gave the media the   literally. According to a tweet from ABC News, the presidential candidate’s “bird” was his “message for the media after his debate demotion. ”   —   . @RandPaul has a message for the media today after his #debate demotion pic. twitter.   —   Aaron Katersky (@AaronKatersky) January 14, 2016,   —   Due to his standing in the polls, Paul was excluded from the main Fox Business debate stage Thursday night. He is refusing to participate in the earlier debate and says he will instead hold an online   event.   Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                 During a look into a computer calling balls and strikes in baseball games on Tuesday’s HBO “Real Sports” broadcast, host Bryant Gumbel called for an end to various technologies that have been added to sports, such as instant replay, to be taken out in order to preserve “the integrity of the game. ”  “In my humble opinion, technology is ruining sports viewing,” Gumbel said. “[They] stop every two seconds for a replay, part of that is they go under the hood for a review  …     It’s insane. ” “Get rid of all replay,” he added. Gumbel went on to reason that sports are moving towards being technological experiments rather than just simply games with human error. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Fox News Channel’s “Justice” aired an interview between Judge Jeanine Pirro and Donald Trump Saturday, and the presumptive GOP presidential nominee predicted he would be able to unite the people of the United States, unlike President Barack Obama.  “I tell you what, Barack Obama has been a terrible president, but he’s been a tremendous divider. He has divided this country from rich and poor, black and white  —   he has divided this country like no president in my opinion, almost ever,” Trump stated. “The one thing I thought he could do is bring people together, and it turned out to be just the opposite. I will bring people together. ”  Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” while commenting on the overnight shooting at a nightclub in Orlando, FL in which approximately 50 people were killed, over 40 were injured and that authorities are investigating as an act of terrorism, Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) took aim at automatic weapons.  Sanders said, “It’s horrific. It’s unthinkable. Our hopes go out to all those who were shot that they can recover. I gotta tell you  over 25 years ago, I believed that in this country we should not be selling automatic weapons which are designed to kill people. We have got to do everything that we can on top of that to make sure that guns do not fall into the hands of people who should not have them, criminals, people who are mentally ill. So that struggle continues. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Campus Reform took to the University of Virginia dressed as “The Hipsters Who Stole Christmas” to see if students would sign their petition to ban Christmas.  Reporters Amber Athey and Cabot Phillips, claiming to be members of the fake group “Students for an Inclusive Holiday Season,” interviewed students at UVA to see if they felt “oppressed” and “triggered” by Christmas. After being told the celebration of Christmas can be “almost oppressive” for some students on campus, one female student enthusiastically said that she would “totally sign. ” In less than two hours, almost 20 students signed the fake   petition. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo The Obama administration might hold a grudge against Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump after he repeatedly questioned the president’s birth certificate, but it seems willing to join Trump in questioning Ted Cruz. [During the White House press briefing this afternoon, one reporter explained the fight between Cruz and Trump and asked if the president was enjoying the drama around Cruz’s citizenship.  “I don’t know if he does, but I sure do,” Earnest quipped as reporters chuckled in response. Earnest then seemed willing to feed the narrative questioning Cruz’s citizenship. “It would be quite ironic if after 7 or 8 years of drama around the president’s birth certificate if Republican primary voters were to choose Senator Cruz as their nominee,” he said. “Somebody who actually wasn’t born in the United States and only 15 months ago renounced his Canadian citizenship. ” OO. ready( function()  ) })  President Obama blamed male lawmakers for sales taxes on tampons and pads for women, suggesting that they were ignorant of the struggles of women in America. [Obama hosted a series of interviews with YouTube personalities this afternoon, including one interview with Ingrid Nilsen, a woman who asked why tampons and pads for women were frequently taxed as a “luxury goods” in nearly 40 states.  “I don’t know anyone who has a period that thinks it’s a luxury,” Nilsen said. “It’s something that’s part of our everyday lives and is really crucial to our health as women. ” Obama chuckled. “I think that’s fair to say  —   Michelle would agree with you on that,” he said. Obama said he had “no idea” why states would tax menstrual products. “I suspect that it’s because men were making the laws when those taxes were passed. ” he added. Obama said that the taxes weren’t federal, and that women would have to organize in those states to get those extra taxes repealed. In appearance on Fox News Channel on Sunday, Breitbart National Security senior editor Dr. Sebastian Gorka reacted to the mass shooting in Orlando, FL early Sunday morning resulting in the deaths of 50 people and 53 injured.  The shooter, identified as    Omar Mateen, is believed to have pledged an allegiance to the radical terrorist group ISIS, to which Gorka argued is evidence that the war has come to the United States. “In the past 15 years, we haven’t seen an Episcopalian suicide bomber,” he said. “We haven’t seen Zoroastrian mass murderers. We’ve seen Muslim extremists. If you deny that, you are in a fantasy land, and you’re endangering American citizens. ” “It’s time to wake up, America,” he added. “The war is here. ” (  Fox News Insider) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Tuesday on Fox Business Network’s “Cavuto: Coast to Coast,” while discussing the Republican convention in  July, former Republican presidential candidate former Gov. Mike Huckabee ( ) said the Republican National Convention rules committees and delegates need “to have the appearance of transparency and fairness. ”  Huckabee said, “Whatever rules are being talked about for the RNC rules committee could be thrown out the door by the convention rules committee. I know it gets very complicated But it It needs to have the appearance of transparency and fairness or there is going to be an absolute meltdown going on in Cleveland. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Senator Marco Rubio reacted to North Korea’s claim that it has tested a hydrogen bomb after seismic activity was detected within the dictatorship state. [“I have been warning throughout this campaign that North Korea is run by a lunatic who has been expanding his nuclear arsenal while President Obama has stood idly by,” the Republican presidential candidate said in a statement issued moments after the news broke.  Rubio explained in his statement that enemies of the United States continued to Obama’s weakness, calling for new leadership to stand up to world dictators. “If this test is confirmed, it will be just the latest example of the failed   foreign policy,” he said. Rubio specifically criticized Obama and Hillary for failing to address North Korea in an ad released in December.  advertisement Michael Dukakis wants America to abandon the Electoral College, because all those rural plebs declaring that their voices matter on Election Day should not have mattered. [From Politico:  Former Democratic presidential nominee Michael Dukakis, who lost to George H. W. Bush in 1988,   his call to abolish the Electoral College after Hillary Clinton’s loss to Donald Trump on Tuesday. “Hillary won this election, and when the votes are all counted, by what will likely be more than a million votes. So how come she isn’t going to the White House in January? Because of an anachronistic Electoral College system which should have been abolished 150 years ago,” he wrote Sunday in an email to POLITICO. “That should be at the top of the Democratic priority list while we wait to see what a Trump administration has in store for us. So far, all we know is that dozens of lobbyists are all over the Trump transition  —   a strange way to drain the swamp. ” Read the rest of the story here. Almost a dozen women have accused Bill Clinton of everything from outright rape to groping to harassment to characters assassination. Nevertheless   Lena Dunham vigorously supports making Bill Clinton America’s first First Gentleman and making his   Hillary Clinton, the next president of the United States. If Dunahm’s standards on the issue of victimizing women are this low, why then is she publicly calling for Bill Cosby’s head?   —    —   It must be because Bill Cosby is black. What else could it be?   Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                 Conservative Review editor Daniel Horowitz joined Breitbart News Daily with host Stephen K. Bannon to discuss House Speaker Paul Ryan’s upcoming steps to fund Obama’s dangerous “prison break” agenda that includes retroactively freeing drug traffickers, even as the public’s concerns about a new crime wave grow. [Horowitz was also asked to weigh in on the Ted Cruz eligibility question and referenced his own article of January 7, where he writes, in part, about the error of giving citizenship to illegals born in the U. S.  The entire Breitbart News Daily interview can be heard below:  According to North Carolina NAACP President Rev. William Barber, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying black communities are poor is coded language to blame black people for white poverty.  “[Trump]’s not just speaking to suburban whites, he’s also speaking to whites particularly in the South who, for years since Strom Thurmond took the Dixiecrats to the Republican party, have used a kind of divisive politics to suggest that poor white’s problems are because of black people. That’s why he said, ‘Your communities are poor.’ That’s coded language,” Barber said Saturday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent A man was seen on the ESPN broadcast of the Boston Red Sox at the Houston Astros game Sunday holding up a “Cruz 2016” sign.  Politico reports the man is the campaign manager for GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) Jeff Roe, who is an avid baseball fan.  Roe was sitting three rows up just behind home plate, a perfect place to hold up a sign at a baseball game. According to Politico, Roe was also joined by senior Cruz adviser David Polyansky, who also sported the Cruz sign throughout the game. This comes just days after ESPN fired analyst Curt Schilling for sharing a picture on Facebook that was meant to decry allowing transgenders to attend the bathroom of their choice. Cruz defended Schilling on the Glenn Beck radio program, saying ESPN fired him “for making the rather obvious point that we shouldn’t allow grown adult men strangers alone in a bathroom with little girls. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Hundreds of left wing activists gathered at the town on Brenner to protest plans to strengthen the Austrian border to prevent another huge influx of migrants this summer.[  activists, believed to have travelled from across the continent, waved red flags and clashed with police on both sides of the border, as both Austria and Italy had to deploy security forces to maintain order.      On Friday at 7 p. m. ET,   Donald Trump will pay a visit to Orlando, FL’s Orlando Amphitheater located in the Central Florida Fairgrounds as part of his USA Thank You Tour 2016.  Video courtesy of Right Side Broadcasting Network, Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Thursday immediately following Fox News Channel’s Republican presidential debate in Des Moines, IA, Megyn Kelly, the host of FNC’s “The Kelly File” interviewed Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) one of the participants in the debate.  During that interview, Cruz made a reference to Republican presidential   Donald Trump, who did not attend the debate and instead held a rival event during the debate at nearby Drake University in Des Moines, IA. Cruz cited a conversation he had with Kelly, who has been engaged in a public feud with Trump, before going on air. According to Cruz, Kelly had apparently called Trump “Voldemort. ” “Well, you know, you were joking just before we went on air that it was sort of like Voldermort  —   he who must not be named,” Cruz said. Kelly’s alleged reference was to Lord Voldemort, a fictional character in J. K. Rowling’s “Harry Potter” series and referred to as “ ” “     ” and “the dark lord. ” throughout the series. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” former Hillary Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook accused Breitbart News Network of “peddling” false news.  Mook said, “I think there’s a lot of things we need to examine coming out of this. You just named one of them. Congress has got to investigate what happened with Russia here. We cannot have foreign and foreign aggressors intervening in our elections. we know that the Russians were propagating fake news through Facebook and other outlets. This is with respect to Kellyanne and her colleagues, but Steve Bannon ran Breitbart News which was notorious for peddling stories like this. ”  “I’m not attacking him personally, but they peddling a lot of stories on that website that are just false, they’re just not true, and that reinforced sexist, racist,   notions in people,” he continued. “Headlines that just make your  —   that are shocking and insulting and shouldn’t be part of our public discourse. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Thursday in Baltimore at the National Urban League’s annual conference, Democratic vice presidential nominee Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) accused Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of a history of racism by quoting a case involving his company from 1973.  Kaine said, “Our opponent Donald Trump was taking a different path here is what he was doing around this time, around the the time my    desegregated Virginia’s schools. And the Urban League was connected with this. In 1973 the New York Times reported the Justice Department had filed suit after Donald Trump and his father were refusing to rent apartments to African Americans. It was one of the largest federal cases of its kind at the time. ” (  Politico) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Police are on the hunt for the man seen on video attacking and robbing an    man, according to a WKYT report.  Police say the attack happened last week just behind Larosa’s Pizza restaurant in Cincinnati, OH where the    has worked for over two decades. The assailant knocks the victim down with a large rock. He then grabs the man’s cane and struck him with it, later punching him. The assailant stole the victim’s vehicle, and other items. Police found the vehicle he next day a few blocks away from the scene. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Monday on ABC’s  “The View”   Joy Behar said in her opinion Republican presidential   Donald Trump is “the most dangerous man alive right now. ”  Behar said, “Sarah Palin is one of the people he would take advice from. The other thing about him, he says things that are so dangerous, seriously. He’s talking about giving South Korea a nuclear bomb. he wants South Korea and Japan  …    This is the most dangerous man alive right now, in my opinion. It’s like, weren’t you around  —   didn’t you read your history books? You don’t want nuclear proliferation. you want fewer, fewer, not more nuclear weapons. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN During testimony before Congress on Thursday, FBI Director James Comey stated that the servers maintained by presumptive Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton were less secure than a Gmail account.  Comey was asked whether a previous statement he made comparing Clinton’s servers to Gmail was implying “that the private email servers of Secretary Clinton’s were perhaps less secure than a Gmail account, that is used for free, by a billion people around this planet?” He answered, “Yes, and I’m not looking to pick on Gmail. Their security is actually pretty good. The weakness is in the individual users. But, yes, Gmail has full time security staff, and thinks about patching and logging and protecting their systems in a way that was not the case here. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Tuesday on his nationally syndicated radio show, while discussing the presidential debate last night, conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton “came off exactly as many people see her  —   a witch with a capital B. ”  Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN .@JoeNBC: If Trump gets himself out of the way  makes this about Hillary, he’s got a very good chance for winning https:  .  Friday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” host Joe Scarborough reacted to the   pivot of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump put on display at a rally in Charlotte, NC a night earlier.  According to Scarborough, if Trump maintains this demeanor, he will have a “good chance” of winning the general election this fall. “What he could do if he did this for 80 straight days and I could do a lot of things if I could build a rocket ship in the backyard and fly to Mars,” Scarborough said. “And he may be able to do it. We’ll see, it’s every day  —   is if he gets himself out of the way and he makes the campaign about Hillary. If he gets himself out of the way and he makes his campaign about Hillary, he has got a good chance of winning. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor A new poll shows a majority of likely voters in Indiana’s primary do not approve of Ted Cruz and John Kasich’s agreement to pull Kasich’s campaign resources out of the state. [From NBC News:  The    poll was conducted April    —   so mostly after Trump’s   primary victories in Northeast and   states, as well as after Cruz and Kasich announced an   whereby Kasich wouldn’t campaign in Indiana to help Cruz (in exchange for Cruz not campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico). But 58 percent of likely Republican primary voters in Indiana say they disapprove of Cruz and Kasich teaming up to beat Trump in the Hoosier State, while 34 percent say they approve of the move. What’s more, only 22 percent consider the   alliance a major factor in deciding their vote, 15 percent say it’s a minor factor and 63 percent say it would play no factor at all. Read the rest of the story here. Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani said Democrats are more likely to engage in voter fraud than Republicans.  Giuliani said “Dead people generally vote for Democrats rather than Republicans. ” He added, “I’ve found very few situations where Republicans cheat. They don’t control the inner cities the way Democrats do. Maybe if Republicans controlled the inner cities, they’d do as much cheating as Democrats. ” (  Politico) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Transitioning from man to what you think is a woman, is a complex journey filled with medical hurdles, sociological pitfalls, and a fundamental shift in how you view wardrobe. [Olympic Gold medalist Bruce Jenner has faced all of the aforementioned, head on  …     and now he is tackling arguably the most important and difficult step in his transition: learning how to fake a “gender free” orgasm. For those of you who are not familiar with a “gender free” orgasm, or orgasms in general, allow the clip below to be your road map.  For your viewing pleasure  …    and his  …      GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is increasing his presence in the Badger state ahead of Tuesday’s primary, adding several campaign events for Sunday and Monday. [On Friday, Trump added two more events to his schedule for Saturday, and now the real estate mogul is spending both Sunday and Monday in Wisconsin with a packed schedule as well.  He will hold an event Sunday night with Fox News’ Greta Van Susteren and three campaign events on Monday, the day before Wisconsinites head to the polls. Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin is also campaigning in the cheesehead state, stumping for Trump. Protesters shut down highways in Arizona, blocking people from attending GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s campaign rally at 11 AM in Fountain Hills, Arizona at the Fountain Park. [Protests causing serious traffic delays on eastbound Shea east of 140th St.  Backup all the way to FLW.  Please use  alternate route.  —   ScottsdalePD (@ScottsdalePD) March 19, 2016,   #BREAKING: Another group of protesters blocking road near  . Watch here: https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   ABC15 Arizona (@abc15) March 19, 2016,  VIDEO: Donald Trump protesters block traffic in Fountain Hills, Arizona https:  .  #abc15 pic. twitter.   —   ABC15 Arizona (@abc15) March 19, 2016,  #BREAKING: Jeep plows into protesters in Fountain Hills. Does not appear anyone is injured. #abc15 pic. twitter.   —   ABC15 Arizona (@abc15) March 19, 2016,  Wednesday in Las Vegas, NV, while campaigning for his wife, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, former president Bill Clinton said the scandal surrounding then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s use of a private unsecured email server was a bunch of “hullabaloo. ” Senate Minority Leader Senator Harry Reid ( ) said that the “I hate Obama” lack of collegiality in the Senate “has been so horrible” on Thursday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Hardball. ”  When asked what has changed about the Senate, Reid answered, “The  . I’ve had such great relations with the Republicans, Trent Lott, I loved working with him. Frist and I had some battles, but he was good. It’s just this new, I hate Obama that has been so horrible. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett In an interview after Thursday’s presidential debate, Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) talked about his   with Donald Trump, both of which are candidates for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination.  Cruz explained to Neil Cavuto, a moderator in the debate, on Fox Business Network that he liked Trump, insisted he wasn’t attacking him but defending himself. “I like Donald,” Cruz said. “I continue to sing his praises. I am not attacking him, but I’m gonna defend myself. ” Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo A MILO event at the University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee on Tuesday night was interrupted by a small group of communist student protesters.[  The students began to act out when MILO suggested that progressives don’t care about  . Six students towards the back of the auditorium began screaming towards the stage. After the student protesters stood up to address MILO, the room swelled with chants of “USA! USA! ”. MILO told those in attendance that he believed that the protesters didn’t act up until that moment in the evening because he hadn’t said anything objectionable up until that point in the evening: “Is this really the best protest you could muster? All six of you? You’ll notice it took them an enormously long time to pipe up because nothing I was saying was remotely objectionable until I addressed them and said that they don’t care about black people. ” After a few minutes of screaming, the student protesters were removed from the event’s venue by university security. In an interview with Bloomberg, film producer and hip hop icon Ice Cube declared GOP frontrunner Donald Trump “is what Americans aspire to be. ”[Donald Trump is “rich, powerful do what you want to do say what you want to say be how you want to be,” Cube said on Wednesday. “That’s kind of been the American Dream. ”  “So, [Trump] looks like a boss to everybody. And Americans love to have a boss,” Cube added. WATCH:  Although Ice Cube says he understands Trump’s appeal, the   Rock and Roll Hall of Fame member doesn’t think a Trump presidency will benefit the poor. Ice Cube says he doesn’t think Donald Trump is “going to do anything to help poor people or people that’s struggling” because Trump is a “rich white guy. ” “How can he relate?” Cube asks. “He’s always been rich. And being rich doesn’t make you bad. But how can he relate to the small guy?” Ice Cube’s newest comedy, Barbershop: The Next Cut, opens in theaters April 15. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudson Wednesday night while leaving Catch, a seafood restaurant in West Hollywood, CA, with his wife and daughter, KISS member Gene Simmons said of   Donald Trump’s victory, “I think people should get over it and move on. He’s our president and that’s it, end of story. ”  Simmons wife Shannon Tweed and daughter Sophie Tweed Simmons adamantly insisted KISS would not play at Trump’s inauguration ceremony when the TMZ reporter asked. Simmons said KISS will be touring in Europe at the time of the inauguration. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The latest poll from Ohio shows that Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are tied  —   with Trump leading big among independents. [The poll, released by Emerson College, shows Clinton and Trump tied at   percent in Ohio. Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson is earning ten percent of support in the state while Green Party candidate Jill Stein receives only two percent.  Trump is leading the independent voters in Ohio by 17 points. He earns 47 percent of the independent vote while Clinton only gets 30 percent. Overall, 57 percent of voters have and unfavorable view of Trump, while 56 percent have an unfavorable view of Clinton, The poll also shows that Ohio Sen. Rob Portman is polling well in his bid for reelection against a Democratic rival. Forty percent support Portman while only 25 percent support former Democratic governor Ted Strickland. The poll was conducted from August   featuring 800 likely general election voters with a margin of error +   3. 4 percent. Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump clinched the nomination reaching 1, 238 delegates, according to the Associated Press delegate count released Thursday. [Trump sealed the deal by clinching unbound delegates that have disclosed to the Associated Press that they’ll support Trump at the Republican National Convention in July.  Pam Pollard, an Oklahoma GOP chairwoman, is one of the unbound delegates that spoke to the Associated Press. “I think he has touched a part of our electorate that doesn’t like where our country is,” Pollard explained. “I have no problem supporting Mr. Trump. ” Trump needed 1, 237 delegates to become the Republican nominee, but according to the Associated Press, he is at 1, 238 delegates and still has 303 delegates up for grabs through the final state primaries on June 7. Wednesday on MSNBC, actor and director Rob Reiner said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was “the single most unqualified person ever to run for president in my lifetime. ”  Reiner said  “Well, yes. We talk about somebody coming from a reality show. Running for president is not a reality show. It’s actual reality. And this man is the single most unqualified person ever to run for president in my lifetime. I mean, just to hear what you just said, we had an entire presidency taken down in the ’70s over Watergate, and that was a   to the national Democratic headquarters that didn’t amount to anything because they didn’t get anything. Here we have a   to the Democratic national headquarters where everything is stolen, and there’s a conceivable connection to the Trump campaign. That to me is just    insane. I can’t even believe we’re having this conversation here. I mean, this is    crazy. We’re in crazy land here. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Monday’s broadcast of CNN’s “Wolf,” Georgetown University Professor Michael Eric Dyson stated of President Obama’s planned trip to Dallas, “I would have preferred him go to Louisiana, then on to Minnesota, then end in Dallas, because he could truly bring  …    healing to the nation. ”  Dyson said, “I would have preferred him go to Louisiana, then on to Minnesota, then end in Dallas, because he could truly bring  …    healing to the nation. He’s got to acknowledge the lethal and ferocious assault upon that police department there in Dallas, and he’s got to acknowledge the lethal and ferocious assault upon black men’s and women’s lives in America. ” Dyson added that he thinks President Obama should bring up the gun issue during his speech in Dallas. Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett This article was originally written by Mary Brigid McManamon, a constitutional law professor at Widener University’s Delaware Law School. It was originally published by the Washington Post: advertisement Brendan Gauthier writes in Salon:[“Clinton Clash,” premiering at the Cannes Film Festival on May 16, is a “devastating” documentary, according to MSNBC, alleging Bill and Hillary Clinton used the Clinton Foundation to “help billionaires make shady deals around the world with corrupt dictators, all while enriching themselves to the tune of millions. ” The film, written and produced by Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon and directed by M. A. Taylor, is based on the New York Times bestselling book of the same name (subtitled “The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich”) by Peter Schweizer. Read the rest here:  Watch the “Clinton Cash” trailer below:  On Friday’s broadcast of “MSNBC Live,” MSNBC Political Analyst Jonathan Alter argued against Senator Tom Cotton’s ( ) statement that President Obama has been “the most   president in American history” by pointing to the Iran nuclear deal and other policies.  Alter said that it wasn’t true to say Obama was the most   president in US history “because there’s been more aid under President Obama than any other president. He has stood up for Israel repeatedly when it’s been attacked.   …     On top that, you have the nuclear deal with Iran, which, according to Israeli intelligence senior officers, former head of Mossad and Shin Bet, is in the national security interest of Israel, because it helps protect Israel, which would likely have been the first target of an Iranian nuclear attack, and they now can’t do anything for at least ten years. ” (  Mediaite) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump says he would “love to” debate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ). Sanders responded, saying, “Game on. ”[“How much is he going to pay me?” Trump joked during an appearance Wednesday night on ABC’s Jimmy Kimmel Live. “If I debated him, we should have such high ratings, and I think I should give  —   take that money and give it to some worthy charity, OK?”  “That could happen, I’ve been saying that should happen anyway,” Trump added. “If he paid a nice sum for charity, I would love to do that. ” Following Trump’s response, Sanders took to Twitter and said, “Game on. ” “I look forward to debating Donald Trump in California before the June 7 primary,” Sanders posted. Game on. I look forward to debating Donald Trump in California before the June 7 primary.  —   Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) May 26, 2016,  GOP frontrunner Donald Trump suggested he could put fellow 2016 GOP presidential candidates Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, and Ohio Gov. John Kasich in his administration  —   possibly even as vice president on his ticket. [“Yes. I like Marco Rubio. Yeah. I could,” Trump told columnist Kirsten Powers about putting Rubio in his administration.  He was asked if Rubio was a potential vice president choice for him. “There are people I have in mind in terms of vice president. I just haven’t told anybody names.   …     I do like Marco. I do like [John] Kasich.   …     I like [Scott] Walker actually in a lot of ways. I hit him very hard.   …     But I’ve always liked him. There are people I like, but I don’t think they like me because I have hit them hard,” Trump responded. On the Thursday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM EST, host and Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon will discuss President Obama’s Supreme Court pick and the GOP reaction. [Special guests include: former UN ambassador John Bolton, Penny Nance of Concerned Women for America, Joshua Green of Bloomberg, and Breitbart’s own SCOTUS expert Ken Klukowski.  Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. Sirius XM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   . Thursday, Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan posted a video on his Facebook page from “The Cliff Kelley Show” on WVON from Dec. 12, 2015, in which he said “the system of justice in America should all be destroyed. ”  Discussing the controversy surrounding the Chicago police department over the shooting death of Laquan McDonald, which is calling into question the leadership of Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Farrakhan said, “This is pointing not to getting rid of a mayor or getting rid of a police chief or getting rid of a state’s attorney. What the hell difference does it make if you get rid of them and the system that produces them is still in place? There is no such thing as reforming this. This has to completely be taken down. Who is man enough? Who is strong enough to say that the system of justice in America is an injustice to the American people? It all should be destroyed and something new and better put in place. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN From David Martosko writing at The Daily Mail: advertisement WASHINGTON (AP)  —   President Barack Obama says he believes his former secretary of state did not intentionally endanger national security in her handling of classified information. But he also says he’s not trying to influence his administration’s investigation into Hillary Clinton’s private email server. [advertisement NEW YORK (AP)  —   More than a dozen big checks flowed out of New York last week, bound for veterans’ charities from Donald Trump. On Tuesday, he announced he had made good on his promise of last January to give the groups millions of dollars from a highly publicized fundraiser. [advertisement A Texas woman is recovering after receiving over 40 bites from two pit bulls in her   neighborhood. The dogs caused the woman to be hospitalized and left her traumatized. The victim spent a reported four days in the hospital after the brutal attack.[  “I really thought I was going to die,” she told local News CBS11. They reported: While the two suspected dogs involved in the incident were picked up by animal services, many neighbors said they are far from being at ease. Derrick Bealer said he won’t go for a walk around the neighborhood with a golf club for protection from loose dogs. “We really don’t even want to sit outside,” Bealer said. “When we do come out you have to look around and make sure that the coast is clear. ”   A    girl in Texas is being hailed a hero after she saved her mother from drowning in their backyard swimming pool, and it was caught on home surveillance video.  According to a report, Tracy Anderwald suffered a seizure last week while swimming. Her    daughter, Allison, then hopped in to save her. Allison can be seen in the video pulling her unconscious mother to the shallow end, making sure her head was above water before running inside the house for help. Tracy, who was released from the hospital Tuesday, was not seriously injured. She said her daughter learned to swim at the age of two, and she was surprised the young girl knew what to do in the situation. (  Fox LA) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent LONDON, United Kingdom  —   Thousands of EU supporters marched through the streets of London Saturday afternoon demanding the Brexit vote be ignored by Britain’s political class. [Many participants in the “March for Europe” held banners declaring their love of the European Union and telling the government to ignore the wishes of 52 per cent of the British public.  Addressing the crowd, Irish singer Bob Goldof  —   who became infamous during the referendum campaign after being pictured insulting impoverished fishermen  —   told people to spend the next two years fighting the referendum result. “We must do everything possible within our individual power to stop this country being totally destroyed,” he said. Exclusive pictures by Rachel Megawhat: Saturday, former DNC pollster Cornell Belcher said on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” that white voters saw   Donald Trump as the “great white hope” who would “give them their country back. ”  “Look, this ideal that the Democrats need to spend more time having a conversation with white voters is patently absurd,” Belcher told host Joy Reid. “We spend 80 percent of our resources right now chasing this mythical, unicorn white swing voter. The truth of the matter is, look, we’re not winning more   white voters because we’re racially polarized. These people want their country back and they saw Donald Trump as the strong, great white hope to give them their country back. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Author  filmmaker Trevor Loudon told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow Monday that if Hillary Clinton is elected, “there will never be another Republican president, ever, or anyone other than a Democrat. ”[“You’ll have, effectively, a   state in America,” added Loudon.  He was basing his belief on Clinton’s promise for amnesty in the first   days of any administration. “She has promised within   days of assuming office to legalize all of the illegal immigrants in the United States. Now, that’s anywhere between 12 and 50 million people. We know from past patterns that they will vote from 75 to 80 percent Democrat,” said Loudon. Others have expressed similar sentiments. Loudon also discussed his new movie, The Enemies Within. See the trailer below: Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN:  Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump responded Wednesday to Sen. Ted Cruz’s debate challenge by mocking him. [Trump tweeted:  Even though I beat him in the first six debates, especially the last one, Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 27, 2016,  The real estate mogul has been going after Cruz for several weeks by questioning his eligibility. On Tuesday, Cruz challenged Trump to a debate after Trump announced he would not attend Fox News’ Thursday night debate. Cruz has been tweeting about it using the Twitter hashtag #DuckingDonald: I challenged @realDonaldTrump to a    debate. Tell him to accept: https:  .  #DuckingDonald pic. twitter.   —   Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) January 27, 2016,  DHAKA, Bangladesh (AP)  —   The hostages were given a test: recite verses from the Quran, or be punished, according to a witness. Those who passed were allowed to eat. Those who failed were slain. [advertisement Director Spike Lee was in studio for ESPN2’s “First Take” to discuss his movie “2 Fists Up,” which documents the University of Missouri football team’s boycott amid the Concerned Student 1950 movement.  The discussion moved to Lee’s other film “” which is about Chicago’s gun violence and    crime. “First Take”   Stephen A. Smith called it a “pretty sad damn day” when Fox News Channel’s Bill O’Reilly is highlighting the violence in Chicago. Smith noted that Harambe the gorilla has gotten more publicity than murders in Chicago, and later said, “This last week, there are black folks in Chicago who feel less important than a gorilla. That’s the reality. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent J. Christian Adams of PJ Media writes a heartfelt tribute to late lamented Breitbart editor Mike Flynn:  From PJ Media: Had Mike Flynn been born a couple of centuries earlier, he’d be the fellow deciding behind which stand of trees Americans would hide to pick off redcoats. Unfortunately, Flynn, one of the original editors in chief at Brietbart, died yesterday. Flynn was a brilliant and knowledgeable fellow who had a knack for channeling the zeal of the rising new media into an effective and credible force.  He leaves behind a charming wife and family and muscular and influential conservative new media made more so by his work. Too many young and effective voices are dying early. Just a few years ago, Mike, Andrew Breitbart and Chip Gerdes could be a swirl of activity on email and the phone, “weaponizing” the next big wave. That they are all gone is hard to contemplate, like turning a bolt of lightning into darkness. Read the rest of this tribute to Mike Flynn here. Friday on MSNBC’s “MTP Daily,” host Chuck Todd reported on the latest developments in regard to Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s email scandal that has resulted in an FBI investigation into the former secretary of state’s handling of classified materiel during her tenure.  Todd said, “Just under 72 hours before the first doors open at the Iowa caucuses, and we seem to have a potential January surprise on our hands. What has been the routine monthly release of Hillary Clinton’s State Department   has a bit of a   headline today. The State Department says that 22 emails from seven different email chains will be withheld from public release at the request of U. S. intelligence officials, because they contain   information. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN A group of high school students in Florida are in trouble after posting a recording on social media of them having sex in their school bathroom, reports 6ABC.  The incident happened Tuesday after school hours at Fort Myers High School, and involved one girl and as many as two dozen boys. The sheriff’s office said the girl’s mother does not plan to press charges. The students involved have all been disciplined, a school district official told 6ABC. (McClatchy) Any deaths caused by police fire as they battled Omar Mateen inside the Pulse nightclub in the wee hours of June 12 should be blamed on Mateen and not on the responding officers, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said Monday. [“Those killings are on the suspect and on the suspect alone, in my mind,” Mina said.    people, plus the    Mateen, died in the mayhem, and 53 others were wounded. The question of possible deaths by police fire arose soon after the shootings. One survivor, Norman Casiano, 26, told ABC News that he was shot by police when he crawled out from his hiding place in the bathroom after he thought it was safe. Twitter   Jack Dorsey returned to the company as interim CEO following the departure of Dick Costollo on July 1, 2015 before being named permanent CEO on October 5, 2015. The move was supposed to turn around the   social media platform’s prospects, but instead the company has tumbled under Dorsey’s leadership to previously unimaginable lows.[   Mike Ma is a Vine comedian and contributor to Breitbart Tech.  You can find him on Twitter at @MikeMa_. Popular PC gaming retail service Steam has announced plans to add around 100 rentable Hollywood movies to its service. [The move is a partnership with film company Lionsgate, whose films include The Hunger Games, Saw, and Twilight, which are now available for users to rent.  The titles are competitively priced against the likes of Amazon, at $3. 99 for a 48 hour rental, with no unique software required to play the content. On its FAQ page, Valve explains “all users” will be able to stream the films, but cautions “it is a new feature and performance issues may be experienced. ” “With over 125 million users, Steam represents a unique, exciting and disruptive opportunity to expand our global distribution business,” Lionsgate’s president of worldwide television and digital distribution Jim Packer said in a statement. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at ben@yiannopoulos. net In a grand finale to the “Twitter Funeral” at Florida State University, MILO put an axe through the roof of the coffin while reciting lines from Bret Easton Ellis’ “American Psycho”.[  After thirty minutes of a speech explaining how Twitter dug its own grave, MILO withdrew a large lumberjack’s axe from the podium. He then donned safety goggles and smiled mischievously.  “RIP Twitter” Milo shouted, as he lifted the axe over his head. He then brought it down into the casket with force and poise, before hacking away at the casket manically.  Milo continued to pound the coffin to cheers and laughter from the crowd.  “Try getting a reservation at Dorsia now! ,” he shrieked, a nod to Bret Easton Ellis’ “American Psycho,” which famously features the book’s protagonist murdering a colleague with an axe in revenge for perceived slights.  You can watch Milo’s entire appearance at Florida State University below.  Former President Bill Clinton declares he was a heroic figure at the Clinton Foundation, taking money from wealthy people and redistributing to the poor. [Clinton defended his work at the Clinton Foundation during a speech in Ohio, calling the notion that it was corrupt was “really funny. ”  “Here is what I did, I was sort of Robin Hood, except I didn’t rob anybody,” Clinton said. “I just asked people with money to give it to people who didn’t have money and we tried to use it in America and around the world to save jobs, to create jobs and to save lives. ” Hillary Clinton also defended the Clinton Foundation in an interview with ABC News anchor David Muir, asserting that her husband should not resign as head of the foundation until after the election. “I don’t think there are conflicts of interest,” she said. “I know that that’s what has been alleged and never proven. But nevertheless, I take it seriously. ” The Jerusalem Post reports:  An official from Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s ruling AKP Party tweeted that she “wished the Israelis” who were said to be wounded in Saturday’s Istanbul suicide blast were dead. Irem Aktas made the provocative tweet immediately after the attack. Turkish sources said that Aktas is the head of the party’s media relations and women’s outreach department.   When this AKP official wished #Israeli tourists were killed in #Istanbul, she had no idea they were  . pic. twitter.   —   Aykan Erdemir (@aykan_erdemir) March 19, 2016,  AKP official tweets right after the #Istanbul attack. ” I wish that the wounded #Israeli tourists were dead. ” pic. twitter.   —   Aykan Erdemir (@aykan_erdemir) March 19, 2016,  Per a Fox 32 report,    boy was thrown off a Washington state bridge into a river, and the boy’s mother and an accomplice are now facing possible charges.  A witness captured video of the moment the    was thrown, and later uploaded it to Facebook. The witness wrote that the woman let a “stranger” throw the boy from the bridge for fun. The boy survived the fall, but it is not yet known if he suffered any injuries. Police were called to the scene, and after speaking to the boy’s mother, they recommended prosecutors should charge her with reckless endangerment and the male acquaintance with reckless endangerment and criminal trespassing. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Tuesday on ABC’s “The View,”   Joy Behar said   Donald Trump was bringing “mental illness” to the White House.  Whoopi Goldberg said, This new administration is bringing something in we haven’t seen in a long time and that is  —   Behar interrupted saying, “Mental illness. Sorry, I couldn’t control myself. Sorry. ” Behar continued saying, “He’s not right in the head. The one thing about the difference between Obama and Trump because I’ve met both of them, and the first time I met President Obama on this show  …    This is before he was president. I said the one thing you see about this man and his wife is that they’re mentally stable, that they were sane. They were funny and smart. Donald Trump has never appeared stable to me when he has come on the show. I mean  —   no, he has not. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) blasted rivals Donald Trump and Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) accusing them both of supporting bans on guns. [“Did you know that my two leading opponents have supported banning guns?” Cruz said in Perry, Georgia on Saturday.  Soon after Cruz made the claim, his national press secretary Catherine Frazier tweeted that as Florida House Speaker, Rubio worked against a bill to expand gun rights. “As FL House Spkr Rubio worked against bill to expand gun rights, to allow   citizens to leave guns in cars at work,” Frazier tweeted.  “As a West Miami Commissioner, Rubio voted to ban guns in parks. ” A Breitbart London straw poll of potential Conservative Party leadership candidates has resulted in the Brexiteering Andrea Leadsom receiving 50 per cent of nearly 8, 000 individual votes. [The survey, which began this week, named potentials Boris Johnson, Andrea Leadsom, Liam Fox, Theresa May, Stephen Crabb, and Jeremy Hunt.  But the poll did not include Justice Secretary Michael Gove until 24 hours ago. The results as of July 1st reveal: Andrea Leadsom: 50 per cent, Boris Johnson: 26 per cent, Liam Fox: 15 per cent, Theresa May: 5 per cent, Stephen Crabb: 2 per cent, Michael Gove: 2 per cent, Jeremy Hunt: 0 per cent, Breitbart London has now eliminated Mr. Hunt (not standing) and Mr. Johnson (not standing) and added for the first time for the full voting period, Mr. Gove. You can vote here (poll closes on July 5th):  MSNBC contributor Toure reacted to comments made by Fox News Channel host Bill O’Reilly regarding how   care of the slaves who helped build the White House were, in response to first lady Michelle Obama’s speech that discussed how slaves built the White House.  Toure said Saturday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” that slavery continues to have an impact on the structure and nature of the United States. “[Slavery] continues to have an impact on our lives and is the structure and nature of the country. I understand that these folks don’t want slavery to be discussed anymore. It would make their lives better if it wasn’t discussed. Just stop talking about it. So often for Conservatives, talking about race equals racism. And that is the problem,” Toure told MSNBC’s Joy Reid. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent .@rosariodawson says @BernieSanders supporters being attacked: ”I’m with Monica Lewinsky. ..Bullying is bad. ”https:  .  Actress and Bernie Sanders supporter Rosario Dawson spoke Saturday at a Sanders rally, and said she stands with Monica Lewinsky’s fight against bullying, which she accused the Hillary Clinton campaign of participating in.  “We are literally under attack for not just supporting the other candidate,” Dawson said. “Now I’m with Monica Lewinsky with this: Bullying is bad. She’s actually dedicated her life now to talking about that,” Dawson told the crowd. “And now as a campaign strategy, we are being bullied. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent GOP frontrunner Donald Trump drew an estimated 20, 000 people to his final campaign rally before the New York primary in Buffalo, New York, where Buffalo Bills coach Rex Ryan introduced the real estate mogul. [Thank you Buffalo! #NYPrimary https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 19, 2016,     The Trump campaign reportedly distributed 28, 000 tickets for the event. Wow! @realDonaldTrump distributed 28, 000 tickets for Buffalo rally tonight!  —   Jim Hoft (@gatewaypundit) April 18, 2016,  Supporters in the crowd estimated roughly 20, 000 people inside the arena. 20, 000 in Buffalo, NY ”YUGE” Crowd for Trump 👉Watch Live: https:  .  #Buffalo #NewYork #NYPrimary pic. twitter.   —   Immigrants☆4☆Trump (@immigrant4trump) April 18, 2016,  Wednesday on NBC’s Today, Republican presidential   fielded questions from NBC’s “Today”   Matt Lauer about the unfolding saga involving his campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, who was charged on Tuesday with misdemeanor battery for an incident involving former Breitbart News reporter Michelle Fields at a Jupiter, FL, campaign event on March 6.  Trump continued to defend Lewandowski, as he had a night earlier at the CNN town hall and described it as “minor” compared to what was going on in the Middle East. “When you look at this, it was so minor,” Trump said. “We have people in the Middle East chopping off heads and drowning people in cages  —   and he brushes her. He brushed her to get  —   probably to get her hand off of my arm. So it was so minor. He might not have even realized it took place. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Wednesday in Waukesha, WI at the Waukesha County Expo Center, GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump will host a rally at 7:00 p. m. ET.  Video courtesy of Right Side Broadcasting Network, Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo BERLIN (AP)  —   Several thousand people have turned out for a demonstration in the eastern German city of Dresden marking the second anniversary of the   and   group PEGIDA. [Police brought in reinforcements from other German states to prevent trouble at the PEGIDA event Sunday and at smaller  . They reported no significant incidents, news agency dpa reported.   Speakers assailed the approach of Chancellor Angela Merkel’s government to the migrant crisis, to chants of “Merkel must go. ” PEGIDA, a   acronym for Patriotic Europeans against the Islamization of the West, has staged weekly protests in Dresden since 2014. Attendance peaked at around 25, 000 early last year. Durchgezaehlt, a local group that estimates turnout, put Sunday’s attendance at between 6, 500 and 8, 500. PEGIDA spawned similar though less successful groups elsewhere in Germany.  GOP presidential   Donald Trump took aim at fellow candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) Saturday during a rally in Waterbury, CT.  Trump questioned Cruz’s presidential eligibility, citing his being “straight out of the hills of Canada. ” saying Democrats would “sue him” “first thing” if elected. “[Cruz] was a Canadian citizen until 14, 15 months ago,” Trump explained. “He’s not going to win, but if he did, the first thing the Democrats are going to do is sue him on the basis that he’s not a naturalized citizen, he wasn’t born in the country. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Constituents in my congressional district routinely ask me about the chances of Hillary Clinton being elected President.    Tennesseans are gravely concerned about what another four years of   policies will do to our country.  They know America is headed in the wrong direction.  However, I am convinced that Hillary Clinton will not be elected because she is untrustworthy and ineffective. [advertisement Adult language warning]  Friday on ABC’s”The View,” while discussing Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina criticizing Bill and Hillary Clinton’s marriage at the Republican primary undercard debate a day earlier, the   agreed it was “offensive” and Michelle Collins commended Hillary Clinton’s commitment by saying “bitch commits!” Because Fiorina didn’t mention Bill Clinton by name,   Joy Behar quipped, “I wonder who she’s talking about? Who do you think she’s talking about?” Michelle Collins shot back, “Let me get my cigar out and think about it, OK? I’m just saying, I have to think about it. No, I mean, come on. We all know who she’s talking about. And I gotta say, for me, Hillary staying with Bill is a major selling point for me —  for Hillary. It shows me she can commit. She’s a woman. She’ll commit to her man and commit to her country. Bitch commits! That’s the hashtag. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The Jerusalem Post reports: A suspected   operative detained at the US base in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, claims that a member of the Saudi royal family helped recruit terror operatives before the September 11, 2001 attacks, according to a recently released transcript by the Pentagon. [Ghassan Abdallah   recalled that a unnamed figure referred to as “your highness” by a religious figure in the organization was consulted by telephone before he was sent to the US to carry out an unfulfilled operation involving the use of an airplane.    who studied as a college student in Arizona, made the comments to the Periodic Review Board at Guantanamo Bay in June, 2016. The Periodic Review Board makes recommendations concerning the release or continued detention of prisoners at Guantanamo Bay. The Pentagon released a transcript of  ’s comments on Thursday. Read more here. President Barack Obama won’t say whether Donald Trump owes him an apology for pursuing questions about his birth certificate, telling reporters he had “no reaction” to reports that Trump would address the situation today. [Obama wryly said he was “shocked” that the media was hysterically covering the issue, before adding he finds it “typical. ”  Obama made his brief comments to reporters in the Oval Office after a meeting with, “I was pretty confident about where I was born, I think people were as well,” he said. “And my hope would be that the presidential election reflects more serious things than that. ” An   old girl who fled from a correctional facility in Australia messaged the news to ask them to use a better mugshot. [Amy Sharp, who was being held at Surry Hills Corrective Services Cell Complex in Sydney, escaped from the facility on August 19th.  The police consequently released mugshots of the woman and “urged members of the public not to approach Amy, but to contact  triple zero (000) immediately. ” However, soon after releasing the mugshot and accompanying statement, Sharp commented on the post for 7 News Sydney, asking them to use a different photo of her before thanking them for their cooperation.  The news service later confirmed that she had been arrested by police and was “being taken to Newtown Police Station where it is expected she will be charged. ” You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at ben@yiannopoulos. net Talk radio host Sean Hannity argued that perceptions of the incident between Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski and   reporter Michelle Fields “are based on who they support for the nomination” and that the incident was “nothing” on Wednesday.  Hannity said the battery charges were “insane. ” He further brought up other incidents of staffers for liberal candidates getting physical with people. Hannity later added that people’s perceptions of the   incident “are based on who they support for the nomination. ” He repeated that the incident was “nothing. ” Although he stated that he understood why Fields might have a different perception, but later sarcastically remarked that “I didn’t know touching was illegal. ” Hannity later criticized the “circular firing squad” within the GOP, and said it was “suicidal insanity” that would lead to “President Hillary Clinton. ” Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” while discussing his   that denounced Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and endorsed Hillary Clinton, former director of the CIA Mike Morell said he would trust Clinton with “the crown jewels” of the U. S. government.  When asked why America should trust her to be    Morell said, “I think there’s a bigger issue here, right? I worked with her for four years. Very closely when she was secretary of state. I was at the CIA. I provided her personally provided her some of the most sensitive information that the Central Intelligence Agency has. She never misused it. Always protected it. I would trust her with the crown jewels of the United States government. And more importantly, I would trust her with the future security of the country and the future security of my kids. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN MILO will speak at Florida State University this evening in Tallahassee, FL. where he will hold a “funeral” for Twitter amid news that the company is in buyout talks with Google and Salesforce. [MILO will deliver a speech to an audience of students explaining why Twitter is dead, and how a mixture of bad business decisions, political partisanship, and pandering to feminists and celebrities set the social media company on its path to disaster.  This is the fourth tour date in his second leg of events. Tickets are sold out. The event begins at 7:00 PM (EDT). You can watch the live stream below.  GOP frontrunner Donald Trump took to Twitter on Tuesday afternoon to give advice to Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) who is running against Hillary Clinton for the Democratic Party nomination. [Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats —  both with delegates  otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 26, 2016,   Sanders’ wife, Jane Sanders, later responded to Trump’s advice during an interview on CNN with Wolf Blitzer. “We’ve been very clear right from the beginning that we will not play the role of spoiler,” Sanders stated, dismissing Trump’s advice. “The reason that he was active and he decided to run in the Democratic Party was just that: We cannot afford a Republican in the White House. We cannot afford a Republican appointing Supreme Court justices. So Bernie will not be running as an independent. ” SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  —   Twitter set out to build a virtual town square bustling with billions of people. But it’s starting to look more like a novelty stand as the masses flock to other services that strike a more personal chord. [advertisement Jonathan Aitken, biographer of former U. S. President Richard Nixon, writes in the Daily Mail that Nigel Farage could make a good ambassador to the United States: Trump transition team member @RepSeanDuffy says Obama’s sanctions on Russia smell of politics https:  .  Following President Barack Obama expelling 35 Russian intelligence officials amid hacking suspicions, Rep. Sean Duffy ( ) said during Friday’s CNN “New Day” broadcast that the president has not “projected strength to Russia,” which has allowed the Russians to “walk all over us and the rest of the world. ”  “I don’t think Barack Obama has projected strength to Russia,” Duffy said. “Barack Obama really hasn’t done anything tough with Russia,” he later added. “So, as he’s walking out the door, we have these sanctions but Russia’s been able to walk all over us and the rest of the world as a bad actor   …    ” Duffy also speculated that   Donald Trump’s “frustration” with Obama’s executive order is “that this does have an air of politics” and that Obama is “trying to diminish” his win. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent This article first appeared in The Hill:  The Republican candidate said in a   interview with the Washington Post that he’d be able to get rid of the more than $19 trillion debt “over a period of eight years. ” Eliminating that amount of debt in eight years is highly impossible, according to most economists, the Washington Post reported. It could require using $2 trillion a year from the annual $4 trillion budget to pay off holders of the debt. Trump insisted in the interview that “renegotiating all of our deals” will help pay down the debt by sparking economic growth. “The power is trade. Our deals are so bad,” Trump said. “I would immediately start renegotiating our trade deals with Mexico, China, Japan and all of these countries that are just absolutely destroying us. ” You can read the rest of the story here.  Whoopi Goldberg declared to The View audience on Tuesday that she is proud to call herself an American and doesn’t need or want to use the phrase  . [“You know what  ! This is my country,” Goldberg said during a debate about U. S. immigration policy. “My mother, my grandmother, my   folks, we busted ass to be here. I’m an American. I’m not an  . I’m not a  . I’m an American!”   Goldberg’s rant come after another The View   cracked a joke about needing to seek asylum abroad if Donald Trump wins the presidency in 2016. The View     said similar statements during an interview with Oprah in 2014.   agreed with Goldberg, saying, “I’m an American! I’ve been here too long to not just hold American. ” Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) announced the creation of “Women For Cruz,” a coalition of 23, 000 members. [The coalition will work to promote Cruz and highlight how his policies will benefit women. In a statement, Cruz said:  I am humbled and honored to have the support of these strong, capable, talented women who represent the strength and leadership of women across the country. Bold and courageous, these women come from diverse walks of life, all fighting to bring our country back from the precipice. The energy and commitment of these women, in particular, make me more dedicated to restore and reignite the promise of America. The National   include Cecilia Abbott, Becky Bontrager, Debra Burlingame, Kaye T. Goolsby, Jewels Green, Rebecca Hagelin, Commander Theresa Hubbard, Katie Kieffer, Melissa Klein, Rachel Little, Jenny Beth Martin, Mica Mosbacher, Ann Marie Murrell, Betty Poe, Sandy Rios, Virginia “Ginni” Thomas, and Julianne Thompson. Sunday on CNN’s “Reliable Sources,” host Brian Stelter said   Donald Trump “lies so casually, so cynically” that therefore, “His lies are different and deserves scrutiny. ”  Stelter said, “Let’s tell some truths about lying. The way Donald Trump lies has people rethinking some of the basic premises of journalism, like the assumption that everything a president says is automatically news. When   Trump lies so casually, so cynically, the news isn’t so much the false thing he said, it’s that he felt he could go ahead and say it, go ahead and lie to you. ” “That’s the story,” he added. “Why does he bend and flex and twist and warp and distort the truth? Personally I’m curious because I think Trump does it differently than last presidents. His lies are different and deserves scrutiny. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The first trailer for the controversial Paul Dano and Daniel Radcliffe starrer Swiss Army Man was released online this week. [The film stars Dano as Hank, a man stranded on an island when a corpse (Radcliffe) washes ashore. When Hank notices that the corpse’s flatulence is particularly powerful, he uses him as a     to leave the island and journey home.  If that synopsis confused you, you’re not alone. Multiple people walked out of the film’s premiere at Sundance, although A24 quickly snatched up theatrical distribution rights, and the film’s directors, Dan Kwan and Daniel Schienert, were awarded the festival’s Best Director prize. “It may set a new high bar in the annals of corpse acting,” the Hollywood Reporter‘s Leslie Felperin enthused in her Sundance review of the film. Mary Elizabeth Winstead  . Swiss Army Man is in theaters June 17. Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum Friday in Bristol, PA, while campaigning for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, Vice President Joe Biden acknowledged the lack of enthusiasm for his party’s nominee.  Biden said, “I know some of you, and some of the people you are trying to convince are not crazy about Hillary. I know that. Okay. I think she has gotten an unfair deal. But the truth of the matter is there is a lot of people —  but folks don’t  don’t wake up on November 9 and find out we lost Pennsylvania by 2000 votes and say if I only. If I had only taken my neighbor. If I only gone. If I only. If I only. And there has been a lot of elections. Remember Al Gore. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN,   During Sunday’s Democratic presidential debate on NBC, Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) argued he would be the best candidate of he and his opponent Hillary Clinton to take on Republican presidential   Donald Trump.  Sanders cited his rise from   in the polls to now being ahead of Clinton in polls. “As Secretary Clinton well knows, when this campaign began, she was 50 points ahead of me,” Sanders said. “We were all of 3 percentage points. Guess what, in Iowa, New Hampshire  —   the race is very, very close. Maybe we’re ahead in New Hampshire. In terms of polling, guess what we’re running ahead of Secretary Clinton in terms of taking on my good friend Donald Trump. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor The Clinton campaign is waving off Donald Trump’s     Clinton speech as “hypocritical lies” and “nutty conspiracy theories. ”[Trump’s speech focused on Clinton’s years of lies, obfuscations, political positioning and criminal behavior, describing her as unfit to be president.  “The only thing Donald Trump offered today was more hypocritical lies and nutty conspiracy theories,” said Clinton’s senior national spokesperson Glen Caplin in a statement. “This is more distraction from a candidate that cannot answer or dispute any of yesterday’s criticism of his business record. ” Caplin warned that the economic experts would hurt the economy and throw the United States back into recession and kill 3. 5 American jobs. “That’s a fact,” he said. “Donald Trump continues to prove that he is unqualified and unfit to be president. ” Friday from Plattsburgh, NY, Republican presidential   Donald Trump said when his rival Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) used the term “New York values,” he did so with “hatred toward New York. ”  Trump said, “During a debate, Cruz talked about New York values, oh New York values. Boy, he wished he didn’t say that, right? That was a bad thing. And he said it with hatred toward New York because he said it was hatred toward me. But me I don’t care about. But he said it with a lot of anger and a lot of hatred, and he was taking about everything that you know he was talking about. Now he is trying to make excuses saying ‘well I meant liberal, I meant liberal.’ He doesn’t mean liberal. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Donald Trump’s campaign is out with an ad focusing on the differences in his economic plan versus Hillary Clinton’s economy. The spot is scheduled to air in nine battleground states. [“In Hillary Clinton’s America, the middle class gets crushed. Spending goes up. Taxes go up. Hundreds of thousands of jobs disappear,” the video   states. “It’s more of the same, but worse. ”  The ad is titled, “Two Americas: Economy. ” It says “Donald Trump’s America” provides tax relief for hard working families, higher wages and new jobs, as well as thriving small businesses. “The American dream, achievable,” the ad states. “Change that makes America great again. ” According to Politico, the   ad is airing in North Carolina, Ohio, Florida, Pennsylvania, Iowa, New Hampshire, Virginia, Colorado and Nevada. It comes as the Associated Press reports Trump’s campaign is spending more than $10 million on campaign ads to air throughout the next week. CBS conducted a poll immediately after last night’s CBS presidential debate asked Republicans and independents who they thought had won the debate. [Here is how it stacks up:  Sen. Marco Rubio 32Donald Trump 24Gov. John Kasich 19Se. Ted Cruz 12Dr. Ben Carson 8Former Gov. Jeb Bush 5, “Marco Rubio is the clear favorite among Republicans, while independents are largely divided between Trump, Kasich, and Rubio,” CBS reported. But when asked who was most likely to be president, more respondents chose Donald Trump. Trump 42Rubio 22Cruz 14, The poll was conducted among a nationwide random sample of 601 voters who identified themselves as Republican or independent and who watched the debate. At a rally in Maryland Wednesday, GOP presidential   Donald Trump brought up his friend and New England Patriots star quarterback Tom Brady.  He praised Brady, which did not go well in Baltimore Ravens territory. “Massachusetts, home of Tom Brady. Do we love Tom Brady?” Trump said. “We love Tom Brady, right? He’s great. He’s great. He’s great. How can you not?” The crowd responded with a round of boos. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Close Clinton operative Terry McAuliffe is under federal investigation for campaign contributions from a Chinese billionaire who has also donated $2 million to the Clinton Foundation.    …     From Andrew Blake writing at The Washington Times:  WikiLeaks on Saturday published purported transcripts of paid speeches Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton gave to Goldman Sachs in 2013. The transcripts appear as attachments included in an email apparently sent to several members of Mrs. Clinton’s campaign by its research director Tony Carrk on Jan. 23, 2016. The subject line of the email is “Goldman Sachs paid speeches,” and recipients include John Podesta, the chairman of Mrs. Clinton presidential campaign who has seen his personal correspondence steadily published by WikiLeaks in recent days after having his email account compromised by hackers. Read the rest of the story at The Washington Times. Being Donald Trump’s running mate ”extremely undesirable to me, as is any government post”    @RealBenCarson https:  .  Monday on CNN’s “New Day,” former Johns Hopkins neurosurgeon Dr. Ben Carson, a former candidate for the Republican nomination now supporting presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump, discussed Trump’s search for a running mate for this fall’s general election.  Carson said he had been misrepresented in a report that alleged he had revealed Trump’s potential running mates. However, when asked if he was interested in being Trump’s VP pick, Carson dismissed the suggestion. “This is something that is extremely undesirable to me, as is any government post quite frankly,” Carson responded. “I believe that citizen statesmen can work from outside the government in a capacity where they contribute to the   of the country. ” Carson went on to add he would not be seeking elected office in the future. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Donald Trump raised roughly $90 million in the month of August for his presidential campaign after bringing in $80 million in July. [The fundraising total doesn’t specify how much was donated by the New Yorker himself.  His rival, Hillary Clinton raised roughly $143 million in August and has continuously raised more than the Republican nominee. “Clinton has also built a vastly larger campaign payroll, spending millions more than Trump to hire staff around the country that will be the backbone of her efforts to get people to turn out and vote,” reports Reuters. Saturday, while discussing who had the best week, former deputy Martin O’Malley campaign manager and Obama 2012 campaign aide Lis Smith said on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” that presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump is a “racist,” “fascist” and “xenophobe. ”  “Let me preface this by saying Donald Trump is a racist, he is a fascist he is a xenophobe. I think he would be the worst president in American history, but I think he won the week because you know, we saw at the end of this week that he’s running against Hillary Clinton. He’s not running against Barack Obama. You know, she had more   troubles. There was that   meeting between Loretta Lynch and Bill Clinton on the tarmac,” Smith told host Joy Reid. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Former NYPD Detective Bo Dietl spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow Monday about the weekend terror attacks in New York City, stating, “When is the political correctness going to stop already? ”[Dietl added, “When are we going to wake up? And I really believe this is part of a larger cell in New York. Only by the grace of God the second bomb didn’t go off. Just imagine having ten bombs around New York.  “When you use the word ‘profile,’” Dietl went on, “well, what am I supposed to do —  go into an Irish neighborhood and look for terrorists?” He added: They hang around among themselves, around the Muslim community. We need the Muslim community in America that loves this country   …     to step up and let us know what’s happening in the community with these people who, effectively, want to change our life the way we know it. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN:  Bloomberg writes:  The united Republican establishment front against Donald Trump started to crumble in a potentially profound way on Friday when New Jersey Governor Chris Christie backed the New York billionaire for president with an enthusiastic endorsement. The move, combined with the endorsement of Maine Governor Paul LePage later Friday, adds the establishment bona fides of two sitting U. S. governors to a devoutly outsider campaign. It also comes just days after Trump’s first two congressional endorsements in Representatives Chris Collins of New York and Duncan Hunter of California. In Christie, Trump also gained a powerful surrogate responsible for the lowest moment in the campaign of one of his last Republican adversaries: Marco Rubio. Read the whole thing. Liberal columnist Dana Milbank says that Nancy Pelosi should step down as the Democrats’ House Minority Leader and allow “some fresh blood to take on Donald Trump. ”[From the Washington Post:  Nancy Pelosi, the House Democratic leader, will be 77 next year. Steny Hoyer, her deputy, will be 78. Jim Clyburn, the No. 3 Democratic leader, will be 77. Their current ages, if combined, would date back to 1787, the year George Washington presided over the signing of the Constitution. It is time for them to go. But let’s be honest. Barring a political earthquake, the next plausible chance for Democrats to take over the House is in 2022, after the 2020 Census and a redrawing of district lines that have protected Republicans. By then, Pelosi and Clyburn would be 83, Hoyer 84. Read the rest of the article here. Professional eater Joey “Jaws” Chestnut reclaimed the International Hot Dog Eating Contest title on Monday at the annual July Fourth Nathan’s Famous hot dog eating contest by shoving 70 hot dogs down his throat in 10 minutes, breaking his 2013 record of 69.  Finishing in second place was Matt Stonie with 53. Stonie won last year’s event, ending Chestnut’s eight straight victories. Chestnut will get to relish in his victory by holding onto the Mustard Yellow International Belt for the next year. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent President Barack Obama spent his last Thanksgiving at the White House and revealed to the public his menu.   Donald Trump, who spent his last Thanksgiving before taking office at his    Club in Florida, also revealed his menu. [So who had the better Thanksgiving spread? Here is a comparison of the two:  Obama’s Hors d’oeuvres: Trump’s “Chilled Seafood Display” Hors d’oeuvres, Trump’s main course meats:  Obama’s sides:  Trump’s soups:  Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump has more support from Hispanic voters than both 2008 GOP nominee Sen. John McCain ( ) and 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney had during their general elections in 2008 and 2012. [A recent Pew Research poll found 24 percent of Hispanic voters support Trump in a    matchup with presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.   percent of Hispanic voters preferred Clinton.  “Those numbers reflect Hispanic support for the two last Republican presidential nominees,” The Hill reports, noting Romney’s poll numbers were at 21 percent with Hispanic voters, while McCain polled at 23 percent  —   both slightly behind Trump’s 24 percent. The last Republican to win the White House, President George W. Bush, won 35 percent of the Hispanic vote in 2000 and 40 percent in 2004. On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” filmmaker Michael Moore  reacted to the FBI announcing it was taking a second look into Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s emails by stating, “She has been attacked and abused for 30 years. I’m sick of it. I don’t want to hear this 11 days before the election.   …     Bill, this is just such bullsh*t. ”  Moore said, “This is just another one of these things. She has been attacked and abused for 30 years. I’m sick of it. I don’t want to hear this 11 days before the election. ” He added, “[i]f these emails  —   these new emails can prove that she started a war because a dictator threatened to kill her daddy, or she   on behalf of Halliburton, or maybe she yelled at an aide to get her more  . Maybe then, I want to read the emails. But other than that, Bill, this is just such bullsh*t. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was asked if she would be seeing the new movie “13 Hours,” on the 2012 terror attack in Benghazi.  Clinton replied, “I’m just too busy, campaigning. I am still very focused on making sure we do everything we can as I did when I was secretary of state, as I testify to over 11 hours to make sure that nothing like that happens again. And so far as we are able to prevent. And that’s my focus when it comes to the continuing obligation at it United States government has, whenever we send anyone into harm’s way. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The Times of Israel reports:  The United States’ failure to veto a Security Council resolution condemning Israeli settlements was the “last sting of President Obama” that exposed his “true face,” unnamed Israeli officials said Saturday evening. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, meanwhile, thanked   Donald Trump for his promise for support at the international body after he takes office. [The US’s abstention in Friday’s vote “is the last sting of President Obama. It exposes the true face of the [Obama] administration,” the officials said Saturday evening. “Now it’s easier to understand what we dealt with the past eight years. ”  PARIS (AFP)  —   French   leader Marine Le Pen proposed Thursday that the children of illegal immigrants should be refused school places as part of tough proposals to restrict public services. [“I’ve got nothing against foreigners but I say to them: if you come to our country, don’t expect that you will be taken care of, treated (by the health system) and that your children will be educated for free. That’s finished now, it’s the end of playtime,” Le Pen said at a conference in Paris.  The leader of the National Front (FN) is forecast by opinion polls to finish second in next year’s presidential election but she is hoping for new momentum after the victory of Donald Trump in the United States. Speaking to AFP afterwards, she clarified that she was referring only to immigrants who are in the country illegally, and also said that foreigners living in France who do not pay tax should pay if they use the public education system. Amish PAC endorsed Republican nominee Donald Trump and launched billboards in Lancaster, Pennsylvania  —   west of Philadelphia where the Democratic National Convention is being held this week. [“Pennsylvania has a good shot of going Republican in November and these billboards will certainly help by getting people registered and to the polls,” said Ben King, the outreach director for Amish PAC.  The goal of the billboards is to educate Amish and Mennonite voters about Trump. Roughly 95 percent of Amish and Mennonite voters are Republican. Wednesday on “CBS This Morning,” Wall Street Journal columnist and former speechwriter for President Ronald Reagan Peggy Noonan said the millions of Donald Trump voters were not just “endorsing Trump, but “rebuking” the GOP leadership in Washington, DC as well.  Noonan said, “It’s an unusual nominee who they did not imagine even against all the signs the past few months would be the nominee. There’s something even more unusual than that. Donald Trump won just about 10. 5 million votes along the way to winning the nomination. Those voters were, in effect, not only endorsing Trump, they were rebuking Republican leadership in Washington. It is now Republican leadership in Washington that has to come together with Trump and his people and figure out a way to go forward when they disagree on so very much. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Police in Pittsburgh, PA say a Hillary Clinton supporter lit a flag on fire near a group of Donald Trump supporters and attacked a man Saturday near a   event, according to CBS report.  Per the criminal report, Joshua Sturman was in the area to support Hillary Clinton, who held a rally nearby. Trump supporters gathered across the street, in what police say was a peaceful protest. Sturman walked over to the group of Trump supporters, who were standing    and then pulled out a flag and began to set it on fire. Some of the Trump supporters tried to put the fire out, which “enraged” Sturman, who then pushed a Trump supporter to the ground and tried to get on top of him. Police were alerted, and Sturman was detained. Sturman faces charges of disorderly conduct, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person and causing or risking catastrophe. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Supporters of the Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the West (PEGIDA) have rallied outside Cologne’s main train station today, the location of nearly 200 migrant sex attacks on New Year’s Eve. [Around 4, 000 turned out for the protest against allowing more migrants into the country, with Breitbart London’s Oliver Lane reporting live from the march alongside a Breitbart London photographer, who has this afternoon been hit by a firework as the protest became more violent and aggressive.  PICTURES: Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Republican presidential candidate Gov. John Kasich ( ) said his rival   Donlad Trump needs to stop complaining about the rules and “act like you’re a professional. Be a pro. ”  Partial transcript as follows: BASH: Donald Trump is on a tirade against the Republican nominating system. he says the system is rigged, the vote is no longer a vote. What do you think? Do you think the system is rigged? KASICH: Well, I don’t know  —   No, I think it’s the way it works. You know, it’s like saying I made an 83 on my math test, so I should get an “A” just because I think it’s rigged that you have to make a 90 to get an “A” Come on, act like you’re a professional. Be a pro. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Pollster and political analyst Pat Caddell discussed results from the latest Breitbart   poll on Thursday morning with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow, saying, “In particular, I’m fascinated with this refugee question. We’re seeing great opposition even among large numbers of Democrats and Hillary voters against the refugee expansion, which the mainstream media basically doesn’t cover. ”[“It didn’t get a lot of play, or at least coherent play, in the debate,” continued Caddell. “That’s about sixty percent” opposed to the expansion of the program.  Caddell also pointed out that about seventy percent of those polled opposed the United States “relinquishing its management” role with the Internet, seeing it as “a really bad idea. ” About half of respondents saw it as “another sign of American weakness. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. EST. LISTEN:  (REUTERS) U. S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said on Tuesday that Democrat Hillary Clinton’s plan for Syria would “lead to World War Three,” because of the potential for conflict with military forces from   Russia.  In an interview focused largely on foreign policy, Trump said defeating Islamic State is a higher priority than persuading Syrian President Bashar   to step down, playing down a   goal of U. S. policy.   …     “What we should do is focus on ISIS. We should not be focusing on Syria,” said Trump as he dined on fried eggs and sausage at his Trump National Doral golf resort. “You’re going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton. “You’re not fighting Syria any more, you’re fighting Syria, Russia and Iran, all right? Russia is a nuclear country, but a country where the nukes work as opposed to other countries that talk,” he said. Read the rest of the story at Reuters. com. BREAKING: Trump to #morningjoe on the nukes tweet: ’Let it be an arms race’ https:  .  Friday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,”   Mika Brzezinski relayed a conversation she had with   Donald Trump in which she was seeking for a tweet he sent about the United States’ nuclear capability a day earlier.  The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes,  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 22, 2016,  According to Brzezinski, Trump told her “let it be an arms race” regarding the tweet and that the United States could outlast other countries regarding this category. “‘Let it be an arms race,’” Brzezinski said, quoting Trump. “‘We will outmatch them at every pass   …     and outlast them all. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Iran State TV station FARS announced Saturday morning that four American   prisoners were released from Iranian custody in a “prisoner swap” with the United States. [BREAKING NEWS4 US inmates in #Iran  including Jason Rezaeian, were freed in a prisoner swap deal pic. twitter.   —   Fars News Agency (@EnglishFars) January 16, 2016,   While the state media organization did not reveal the names of the released prisoners, here are five known Americans currently held in Iran: During an interview with KNPR on Wednesday, Senator Harry Reid ( ) relayed a story from his    that his    granddaughter said Trump bumper stickers make her “tense. ”  Reid said that his    emailed him that when she was taking her    daughter to school, she asked the girl what the matter was after she made a funny, to which the    replied, “Mom, every time I see a Trump bumper sticker, I get so tense. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Breitbart News Daily host Stephen K. Bannon interviews Fordham professor Thomas H. Lee on questions surrounding Texas Senator Cruz’s presidential eligibility as a legal born U. S. citizen and an Originalist interpretation of the Constitution. [While Lee says the question is ripe for discussion, he ultimately seems to think it should be left up to voters.  The full interview can be heard below. Thursday in California, Democratic   Hillary Clinton had another coughing episode during her campaign rally.  Clinton said [coughing intermittently] “I’m proud to be campaigning in California, and I am proud to have the support of so many, so many unions including the United Farm Workers. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Shocking surveillance footage taken outside a store in Venice Beach, CA on Sunday shows the moment a man brutally punched a woman in the face, reports Daily Mail.  The video begins with a man and woman leaving the store arguing. The two walk off with the man in front. He then turns around and punches the woman in the face. She fell down to the ground while people in the crowd try to restrain the man, but he was able to escape. According to Live Leak, the two did not know each other, but had seen each other earlier in the day. Los Angeles police are still looking for the man in the video. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  —   A federal judge sentenced former California state senator Leland Yee on Wednesday to five years in prison after he acknowledged in a plea deal that he accepted thousands of dollars in bribes and discussed helping an undercover FBI agent buy automatic weapons from the Philippines. [advertisement Gov. Nikki Haley of South Carolina ordered 500, 000 people in eight different counties to evacuate due to the impending threat of Hurricane Matthew, but she says not enough people are following the advisories. [ABC News reported that only 175, 000 people evacuated out of the 500, 000.  “That’s not enough,” Haley said at news conference this morning. “We need more people evacuating. ” Haley urged residents to “fuel up quickly” and stock up on supplies before stores close. Several of the state’s public schools and government offices are already closed for the week. “Residents that don’t leave today will realize that nothing is open,” Haley said. According to ABC meteorologists, Hurricane Matthew is expected to be the strongest storm to hit the U. S. in more than a decade. The National Hurricane Center extended its hurricane warning and hurricane watch into Georgia and South Carolina as of 5 a. m. Thursday morning as the storm moved closer to Florida, ABC News reported. Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban described his “  relationship” with presumptive Republican presidential nominee at a conference in Las Vegas last night. [“There’s that guy who’ll walk into the bar and say anything to get laid,” Cuban contended. “That’s Donald Trump right now to a T. But it’s all of us who are going to get f —  ed. ”  Cuban lauded Trump’s empathy for suffering Americans but criticized him for offering few solutions. He called Trump a friend. Cuban stars on Shark Tank, a   reality show that attempts to fill the void left by The Apprentice. The show enjoys success but has failed to attain the popularity of Trump’s former program. The outspoken NBA owner advises Hillary Clinton to pick a running mate like him. “I would get a   candidate who’s someone like me who would just throw bombs at Donald,” he said at the SkyBridge Alternatives (SALT) event. “And I would be like, ‘Donald, I like you. We’re friends, but you’re a goddamn airhead. ’” Constituents, Labour Party members and the general public have gathered to pay tribute to MP Jo Cox who was murdered this afternoon. [People gathered in Mrs Cox’s constituency of Batley and Spen as well as in central London.   On Tuesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,”   Willie Geist stated that Obamacare’s premium increases and shrinking choices are “all things predicted by conservatives many years ago. ”  Geist said, “[T]his Obamacare story, about premiums going up 25% in certain plans, 22% in other plans, and choice shrinking, all things predicted by conservatives many years ago. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett What’s the delegate math looking like right now? @ChuckTodd breaks it all down: https:  .  Wednesday on NBC’s “Today,” “Meet the Press” moderator discussed the delegate math following Tuesday Wisconsin presidential primaries won by Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) on the GOP side and Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) on the Democratic side.  Todd explained that it continues to be increasingly difficult for Sanders to secure the nomination over his rival Hillary Clinton despite winning Wisconsin.  He also said Republican presidential   Donald Trump also has an obstacle to overcome since he needs to win 58 percent of the remaining delegates, to which Todd predicted a high likelihood of a contested convention. “If you look now, I think we’re at a pretty  —   a 70 percent chance of a contested convention,” he said. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor South African twins arrested over the weekend were planning attacks on the U. S. Embassy in the capital Pretoria as well as on buildings owned by Jews, police said on Monday. [Four South Africans, including the two brothers, faced charges related to terrorism in court on Monday, the spokesman for the elite police unit Hawks, Brig Hangwani Mulaudzi, said.  The four, who were arrested by authorities in Johannesburg on Sunday, will be detained in custody until July 19, when their case will be heard, Mulaudzi said. The Sahara Desert experienced its first snowfall in   years, according to images taken Monday afternoon. [It is the first time since February 1979 that snow has fallen in Ain Sefra, Algeria, a town in the Sahara Desert, the Daily Mail reports.  The last time it snowed in the area, the snow lasted for about an hour. This time, the snow remained for a day. Karim Bouchetata, an amateur photographer, captured the images of the snowfall on the red sand dunes. “Everyone was stunned to see snow falling in the dessert [sic] it is such a rare occurrence,” Bouchetata said. “It looked amazing as the snow settled on the sand and made a great set of photos,” he added. The Telegraph reports that snow on sand dunes is rare, but is a more common occurrence on Saharan mountain ranges. The Sahara Desert spans across most of Northern Africa and has shifted in temperature throughout the past   years. Experts say the desert will become green again in about 15, 000 years. Maggie Haberman and Jonathan Martin write that vulnerable Republicans, instead of embracing a groundswell of populist support, are turning to former President George W. Bush for campaign help. [advertisement According to the latest exit polls out of New Hampshire, 54% of GOP voters said the recent debates were “important” in their candidate decision. Another 10% described the debates as “very important. ” That is almost   of voters and probably bad news for Marco Rubio,  who not only had a very poor showing in the most recent debate, but was pummeled in the   discussion, as well.  Trump boycotting the Fox News debate that took place a week prior might also prove consequential. However, by most accounts, he had a very good Saturday night.  —   Not good for Rubio. pic. twitter.   —   John Nolte (@NolteNC) February 9, 2016,  On Tuesday’s “MSNBC Live,” MSNBC host Chris Hayes argued that while Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton “has won more votes” DNC Chair Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) “vastly prefers Hillary Clinton to be the nominee, obviously, and to the extent that there are things that can be done institutionally and marginally to facilitate that outcome, they are being done. ”  Hayes said, “[I]t is clearly the case that when given truth serum, Debbie Wasserman Schultz vastly prefers Hillary Clinton to be the nominee, obviously, and to the extent that there are things that can be done institutionally and marginally to facilitate that outcome, they are being done. It is also the case that she has  —   Hillary Clinton has won more votes in this contest, and that is why right now, she is slated to be the nominee. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett According to a WFLA report, a Hillsborough County, FL home was set on fire in what appears to be related to the results of the 2016 election.  Hillsborough County   crews reportedly got a call about a fire around 1:20 a. m. When they arrived, the house was still on fire. The house next door had “F*** Trump”   on the side, as well as “BLM” above an arrow pointing in the direction of the burning home, likely a nod at Black Lives Matter. The fire was put out quickly, and the report says there was no visible damage on the outside of the house. Both homes are believed to be vacant, so nobody was hurt. A neighbor, however, was a bit shaken up. “I was just truly broken  —   heartbroken,” neighbor Anna Foster said.  “I feel like this is not gonna be a good four years.  We’re gonna have a civil war if this keeps on.  Just nonsense. ” “You can’t live around this,” she added.  “It’s very scary.  We need authority.  We need control. ” Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Bloomberg’s Jennifer Jacobs and Jennifer A. Dlouhy write that Rick Perry tops   Donald Trump’s short list of candidates for U. S. Secretary of Energy. [From Bloomberg:  Donald Trump has narrowed his search for energy secretary to four people, with former Texas Governor Rick Perry the leading candidate. People familiar with the  ’s selection process said two Democratic senators from   states  —   Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota and Joe Manchin of West Virginia  —   are also in the mix, along with Ray Washburne, a Dallas investor and former chairman of the Republican National Committee. If Trump picks any of the four he’ll break with recent tradition of putting scientists at the top of the Energy Department. Among other things, the agency is responsible for policies on the safe handling of nuclear material and on emerging energy technologies. Read the rest of the story here. NEW YORK (AP)  —   ABC News says it is investigating one of its producers after seeing evidence that a live camera shot on “Good Morning America” Friday was enhanced by falsely stringing police tape in the background. [ABC News staged   shot with police tape, photograph shows https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   CNN (@CNN) November 4, 2016,  advertisement During GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s campaign rally Saturday morning in Dayton, Ohio, it appears someone tried to grab the real estate mogul from behind while he was speaking on stage. [Several Secret Service officials jumped into action and surrounded Trump.   The crowd began chanting, “Trump!” and “  !   !” “Thank you for the warning. I was ready for him, but it’s much easier if the cops do it, don’t we agree. What a great job!” Trump said. Trump then said it’s payback time and time to make America great again. The billionaire appeared to be uninjured and continued to speak. The Times of Israel reports: An Egyptian paper has published what it claims are the transcripts of meetings between top US and Palestinian officials that, if true, would corroborate Israeli accusations that the Obama administration was behind last week’s UN Security Council resolution condemning Israeli settlements.[  …     According to the Egyptian report, the US diplomats had expressed their mistrust of Netanyahu, saying he wanted destroy the   solution and was only interested in maintaining the status quo between Israel and the Palestinians.  The transcript showed Kerry and Rice advising the Palestinians not to make any provocative moves when US   Donald Trump takes office on January 20, calling him dangerous. Click here to read the full story. Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said Tuesday that it would be an “enormous mistake” if Republicans elect Donald Trump as their nominee. [“For any candidate that wakes up tomorrow morning who has not won any states, for any candidate who wakes up tomorrow morning who has a negligible number of delegates, I think it’s time to start thinking about coming together and unifying and presenting a clear choice,” he said. “I believe it would be an enormous mistake to nominate Donald Trump, so I speak to unity for Republicans. ”  “The only campaign that is in a position to beat Donald Trump on Super Tuesday is our campaign, and if you don’t want to see Donald Trump as the nominee, if you don’t want us to give this election to Hillary Clinton, then I ask you to stand with us today. Super Tuesday is the single best opportunity to beat Donald Trump,” Cruz said in Houston. NEW YORK (Reuters)  —   Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has pulled nearly even with Democratic rival Hillary Clinton for the first time since May, according to a   poll taken over the course of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland this week.  The July   national online poll found that 41 percent of likely voters supported Clinton, while 38 percent supported Trump. Given the poll’s credibility interval of about 4 percentage points, Trump and Clinton should be considered to be about even in the race. Just before Republicans opened the convention on Monday, Trump had trailed Clinton by nearly 10 percentage points in the poll. The New York    formally accepted the Republican nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election during a convention at which the party at times struggled to show unity. On Breitbart News Sunday this evening on SiriusXM 125 The Patriot Channel from 7 to 10 p. m. ET, Breitbart    Alex Marlow will talk to a series of young conservatives. [Guests and topics include:    London editor Raheem Kassam on Obama’s visit to Europe.   Tate on her new book, Government Gone Wild: How D. C. Politicians Are Taking You for a Ride  —   and What You Can Do About It.   editor Milo Yiannopoulos will be in studio to discuss his college tour and Social Justice Warriors’ ( ) war on free speech.   Tech writer Tom Ciccotta on being ousted as class President of Bucknell University after accepting a job at Breitbart and bringing Milo to campus.   Dulis on The Internet. We’ll also discuss the upcoming primaries on Tuesday. Listen online on SiriusXM On Demand and call in to the show at 866 95 PATRIOT.   activists turned out in central London today to mark the now traditional end of Ramadan Quds day protest against Israel. [Despite the heavy presence of Hezbollah flags, the standard of a banned organisation police allowed the march to go on undisturbed through London’s central business district to the American Embassy in Grosvenor Square.  This year is the first time   groups have moved to stage a  . A Breitbart London reporter at the scene witnessed complaints being made to police about the presence of Hezbollah flags, to which an officer replied “the law is very difficult” and that unless they could prove the flags were being used for fundraising purposes, there was nothing the police could do. While the military arm of Hezbollah is banned in the UK, the political wing has not been banned, providing a convenient loophole for sympathisers as there is no clear distinction between the two groups. All photographs Copyright Breitbart London,         On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” while discussing the presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s attempt to line up the GOP behind his candidacy, Fox News senior political contributor Brit Hume said “Republicans and most conservatives” were warming up to Trump.  Hume, “I think it’s one of a number of signs that Donald Trump is well on his way to pulling nearly all of the Republican party behind him. There will be holdouts and there will be conservatives who were conservatives first and Republicans second who will not be reconciled to him, but the Supreme Court list that he put out, the meeting with Paul Ryan, all these things are pointing in the same direction, that Republicans and most conservatives are increasingly ready, particularly because they so fear the alternative, to back him and I think that’s where we’re going. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Friday’s edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM EST, host and Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon will discuss the fallout from Thursday’s debate and the state of the race going into next Tuesday’s       races. [Special guests include: pollster and   Super PAC chair Kellyanne Conway, renowned pollster Pat Caddell, and immigration lawyer Sarah Blackwell.  Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. Sirius XM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   . You guys. .. pic. twitter.  On Saturday’s “Game On” on Washington D. C. CBS affiliate WUSA, former Washington Redskins star defensive lineman Dexter Manley commented on quarterbacks, saying the black ones like running because they are used to running away from the police.  “Most of the black quarterbacks, they like running, because they’re probably used to running from the law. ” Manley’s   awkwardly laughed the comment off, but he later apologized for what he said. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent,   advertisement Students at a West Virginia elementary school were surprised when they showed up for school one morning last week to find a   Elf on the Shelf sitting on the roof, says a WPXI report.  Shawn Adkins was sitting on the roof of Lavalette Elementary School dressed as an Elf on the Shelf doll as students arrived, and says the look on students’ faces made it all worthwhile for him. “Big smiles,” Adkins, a parent of the school, told WXPI. “95 percent of the kids were all smiles when they saw me on the roof, when I saw their jaws drop from the road as they were pulling down to get out of their cars. ” The bearded elf said he plans to come to come back to the school next Christmas. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo From Francis Wilkinson writing at Bloomberg:  It’s just a twist of fate, of course, that “the Greatest” should die in the middle of Donald Trump’s misbegotten campaign to Make America Great Again. But humans get a kick out of coincidence, and History indulges us time and again. Muhammad Ali, once America’s most famous braggart, embodied much of what the Trump campaign has been organized to denigrate, delegitimize and contest. Ali’s incessant claims of greatness were gigantic. They had to be: He was inflating millions of bruised and depleted egos in addition to his own. Trump is America’s most famous braggart now. He’s a great businessman. He makes great deals. He’ll be “the greatest jobs president God ever created. ” In his own way, Trump may even imagine his   superlatives performing a similar service to Ali’s, raising up a broken and battered people while advancing himself. Read the rest of the story at Bloomberg. On Thursday at 7 p. m. ET,   Donald Trump will pay a visit to Hershey, PA’s Giant Arena as part of his USA Thank You Tour 2016.  Video courtesy of Right Side Broadcasting Network, Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo In an   for Townhall, Never Trumper radio host Derek Hunter explains why he now feels compelled to vote for Donald Trump. [From Townhall:  Bias has always been a factor in journalism. It’s nearly impossible to remove. Humans have their thoughts, and keeping them out of your work is difficult. But 2016 saw the remaining veneer of credibility, thin as it was, stripped away and set on fire. More than anything, I can’t sit idly by and allow these perpetrators of fraud to celebrate and leak tears of joy like they did when they helped elect Barack Obama in 2008. I have to know I weighed in not only in writing but in the voting booth. The media needs to be destroyed. And although voting for Trump won’t do it, it’s something. Essentially, I am voting for Trump because of the people who don’t want me to, and I believe I must register my disgust with Hillary Clinton. Read the rest of the article here Two of the (anti) heroes from Suicide Squad join the roster of Injustice 2 from the makers of Mortal Kombat. As the Toronto Blue Jays head to Cleveland for Games 1 and 2 of the American League Championship Series (ALCS) one announcer is refusing to say the team’s name on air. [Longtime Blue Jays announcer Jerry Howarth said on The Jeff Blair Show Thursday that he will refrain from saying “Indians” on air during the games against Cleveland, WKYC reports.  Howarth told the radio show he made the decision more than 20 years ago because the term is found offensive by the First Nations people. Howarth said he also does not refer to the Atlanta Braves during games. Howarth shared that he was deeply touched by a letter he received in the   from a fan who was a member of a First Nation who said he was offended when terms such as “Braves” and “Indians” were used in games. “For the rest of my career I will not say ‘Indian’ or ‘Brave’ and if I was in the NFL I would not say ‘Redskins,’” Howarth told The Toronto Star, referring to the Washington football team. WINDHAM, New Hampshire —  During his fifth campaign stop on Sunday, Mike Pence called on independents, Democrats and fellow Republicans to “come home” and vote for Donald Trump.  . @mike_pence: ’friends don’t let friends vote alone.’ pic. twitter.   —   Adelle Nazarian (@AdelleNaz) November 7, 2016,  Thursday on his radio show, conservative talker Rush Limbaugh declared time was running out for the presidential bids of GOP hopefuls Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) and former Gov. Jeb Bush ( ).  According to Limbaugh, Republican presidential   Donald Trump is looking to finish everyone off in South Carolina, despite having a   finish in Iowa and the upcoming SEC primary. But could be the last stand for both Bush and Rubio. “Marco Rubio  —   you know, he’s got one shot left here, South Carolina. Jeb Bush, one shot left here.  Trump wants to wipe everybody out in South Carolina.  Trump is running around saying, if he wins this, it’s over.  There is no way.  He’s gonna run the table.  Forgetting Iowa.  He’s gonna run the table.  ‘If I take ’em all out here, there’s nowhere else.’  Now, he’s forgetting about the SEC Primary, Super Tuesday on March 1. But again, he’s trying to create this impression of ineffective. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor John Beavers of Belfair, WA is showing his support for GOP presidential   Donald Trump in a big way.  So big that you cannot help but notice his large truck decked out in Donald Trump stickers and an American flag. Beavers said he has never voted, but he plans to this year. “I’ve never voted in 38 years. I’m not into politicians. I’ve never cared this is my first year doing it,” he said. Not only does Beavers drive his truck around to show his support, but he also hands out Trump bumper stickers. He is even planning to drive down to Hollywood, CA before the state’s primary in June. “They say [Donald Trump]’s not welcome there. Well I’ll go and park my truck and hand out my free bumper stickers I’ve been making,” said Beavers. (  King 5) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent A Rasmussen Reports survey published on Thursday shows the race tightening after the Republican and Democratic conventions. [Rasmussen’s White House Watch poll shows Clinton leading Trump by two points, within the poll’s three point margin of error, 41 percent to 39 percent.  Gary Johnson, the Libertarian candidate, receives nine percent as Green Party candidate Jill Stein ranks in last with three percent in the survey. According to the results, Clinton holds more support within her party than Trump has, but the New Yorker is leading the former secretary of state with voters who aren’t affiliated with either party, 38 percent to 29 percent. The poll surveyed 1, 000 “likely voters” from Aug. 15 to Aug. 16. It has a margin of error of plus or minus three points. Donald Trump’s senior communications advisor Jason Miller blasted Hillary Clinton’s speech on Tuesday, saying her remarks were typical from someone who is “losing the election. ”[“Hillary Clinton’s remarks today in Tampa are exactly what you would expect to hear from a candidate who took off the month of August and woke up in September losing the election,” Miller stated, as a CNN released early Tuesday morning showed Trump leading Clinton.  Miller continued, “Clinton cannot escape the endemic corruption of the Clinton Foundation, which was exposed in a bombshell report today for violating New York state laws and regulations requiring disclosure of foreign contributions. ” Miller was referencing a Scripps News report that reveals Clinton’s charities didn’t follow a New York law requiring them to disclose millions of dollars from foreign donors. The Jerusalem Post reports:  Google has removed an app that allowed users to surreptitiously identify Jews online after a tech website brought the tool to widespread media attention and spurred a backlash. Coincidence Detector, the innocuous name of the Google Chrome internet browser extension created by a user identified as “altrightmedia,” enclosed names that its algorithm deemed Jewish in triple parentheses. The symbol  —   called an “(((echo)))”  —   allows white nationalists and   to more easily aim their   vitriol. The extension was exposed Thursday in an article on the tech website Mic by two reporters who had been targets of   harassment online. Google confirmed that evening that it had removed the extension from the Chrome Web Store, citing violation of its hate speech policy, which forbids “promotions of hate or incitement of violence. ” Read the full story. On this weeks broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” host Chris Wallace asked Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump supporter Dr. Ben Carson if he was worried about “being used as a prop for black voters” by the Trump campaign.  Wallace asked, “Do you worry that you’re being used as a prop for black voters and that supporting Donald Trump will end up hurting your credibility in the black community?” Carson said “It’s not about me it’s about our nation. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The NYT advance review of Megyn Kelly’s book Settle for More hints that the Fox News primetime anchor’s memoir appears to allege that Donald Trump may have received word of her debate question in advance  —   and that someone may have poisoned her coffee on the day of the debate.  For the record, my book ”Settle for More” does not suggest Trump had any debate Qs in advance, nor do I believe that he did.  —   Megyn Kelly (@megynkelly) November 11, 2016,  Also for the record, I believe the reason I got sick the day of the first debate was I contracted a stomach virus, just as Rand Paul did.  —   Megyn Kelly (@megynkelly) November 11, 2016,  According to WILX, authorities in Tennessee are investigating a woman for posting a photo of her two young children with duct tape over their hands and mouths on Facebook.  Facebook user Jaton Justsilly Jaibabi uploaded the photo, along with the caption: “Kids for sale, 45% off because they bad. ” The photo of the young children went viral, prompting Memphis Police and Tennessee Department of Children’s Services to investigate the incident. The woman’s cousin claims it was all a joke and people just overreacted. He also added that the kids are safe and loved, but the mother has learned her lesson. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump will once again share the stage Thursday night for the Alfred E. Smith charity dinner in New York City just a day after a third and final presidential debate.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo A driver in Albany, NY learned a lesson in patience Tuesday.  In the dash cam footage, an impatient BMW driver honks his horn and yells at the driver in the car in front of him after the car in front slows down to allow a school bus to merge. As the cars drive onto the upcoming   the BMW attempts to speed around the car in front and then hits an orange barrel. The BMW collides with the school bus and goes up on top of the concrete barrier. Once the driver got out, he yelled, “I thought there was another lane!” Fox 4 reports commenters are saying the ramp has always had one lane, but recently added the concrete barrier, making the road more narrow. No serious injuries were reported from the incident. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Madonna went on social media Thursday and trashed Donald Trump’s sons, Donald Trump, Jr. and Eric Trump, for posting a photo showing them celebrating the killing of a leopard they hunted during a trip to Africa. [Madonna’s Instagram post featured a photo of the Trump brothers holding up the leopard carcass:   How Big of. Pussy Do you have to BE to kill this Noble Animal for sport? Just ask Donald Trump Jr and his brother Eric. One more reason to vote for Hilary! 🙋🇺🇸 A photo posted by Madonna (@madonna) on Aug 31, 2016 at 11:23pm PDT,  Madonna said that the photo was just “one more reason to vote for Hilary [sic]!” The original photo of the Republican presidential nominee’s sons was reportedly taken in 2011 when the brothers took part in a hunting trip in Zimbabwe. A video posted on YouTube in February 2012 shows a montage of the Trump brothers posing with an elephant and a   crocodile: Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson. Wednesday on the Fox Business Network, Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson insisted will take a different approach in Thursday’s debate on the Fox News Channel.  Carson told host Maria Bartiromo he would be more aggressive in the upcoming debate than he had in previous debates. “Well, hopefully they’ll be able to focus on anybody, rather than a specific candidate, that’s going to help quite a bit,” Carson said. “And as far as I’m concerned, you know, as you saw in the last debate, I’m a little more aggressive. I’m going to get even more aggressive this time. I’m not going to hit anybody with anything, but believe me, we’re going to be talking about what we believe in. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor During testimony before Congress on Thursday, FBI Director James Comey stated that the FBI’s interview with presumptive Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was not under oath or recorded, but it still would be a crime to lie to the FBI.  Comey stated that he did not personally interview Clinton, and did not talk to all of the “five or six” who did interview Clinton. He was then asked, “did she testify or talk to them under oath?” Comey answered, “No. ” But added that “it’s still a crime to lie to us. ” When asked if there was a transcript of the interview, Comey stated that there wasn’t one because the interview wasn’t recorded, but there was an analysis of Clinton’s interview. Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is pushing back against a report from the Washington Post that claims Trump surrogate Dr. Ben Carson revealed Trump’s top five picks for vice president. [“The @washingtonpost report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration,” Trump later posted on Twitter.  Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin, who ran as VP with Sen. John McCain in 2008, was on the list, according to Carson. Others included: Sen. Ted Cruz, Ohio Gov. John Kasich, Sen. Marco Rubio, and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie. Carson reportedly revealed the list to the Washington Post during a car ride to a TV appearance. Friday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” while commenting on the changes in Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump since his campaign manager Kellyanne Conway has been at the helm, former McCain and Bush strategist Nicolle Wallace admitted her family life was “in shatters” because of her parents’ support of Trump.  “I’m not defending Donald Trump,” Wallace said. “My family life is in shatters because my parents support Donald Trump. I’m just telling you that out in the country people experience Donald Trump in the Kellyanne Conway era as someone who has been able to go on a stage and say, ‘Sometimes my words hurt some people’. And I’m not giving him points for that. I am not grading him on a curve but voters gave him a second look when he said that. I mean her arrival has changed him. ” (  Grabien) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Friday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,”   Joe Scarborough said   Donald Trump “has been attacked more from more sides, I think than any other President in U. S. history. ”  Scarborough said, “I’m certainly not defending Donald Trump here. I’m saying that Donald Trump, Mika, has been attacked more from more sides, I think, than any other president in U. S. history because he didn’t have a home team. Republicans were attacking him. Conservatives were attacking him. The ones that would usually defend him. Democrats were attacking him. Media was attacking him. He had Sean Hannity and Breitbart and whatever else versus the world. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP)  —   Country giant Merle Haggard, who rose from poverty and prison to international fame though his songs about outlaws, underdogs and an abiding sense of national pride in such hits as “Okie From Muskogee” and “Sing Me Back Home,” died Wednesday at 79, on his birthday. [advertisement Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton in the USC   Angeles Times “Daybreak” poll for the first time since Aug. 3  —   the last day he had an edge on the former secretary of state. [Although the race remains too close to call, Trump is roughly half a point in front of Clinton, 44. 2 percent to 43. 6 percent.  The survey questioned 2, 463 voters. The daily tracking poll questions roughly 3, 000 eligible voters through Nov. 8, election day, on which presidential candidate they support. The data is weighed from the previous week, so the results can lag with major events within the campaign.   From Nolan D. McCaskill, writing in Politico:  GREENVILLE, S. C.  —   At every campaign stop, Marco Rubio calls it “the biggest lie in American politics”  —   the notion that Republicans are the party of the super wealthy, and hopelessly out of touch with the working class and minorities. The party, in other words, that Democrats eviscerated with Mitt Romney at the helm in 2012. Story Continued Below, But strip away Rubio’s    contender biography, and his candidacy has more than a little in common with Romney’s  —   from policy platforms that are largely in sync to a brain trust that boasts a number of the same key figures. When it comes to the substance of what he’d try to do in the job, at least, Rubio is not promising a sharp break from the last establishment favorite the party put forward. Read the rest of the article here. On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” while discussing Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski being charged with misdemeanor battery in an incident involving former Breitbart News reporter Michelle Fields at a Jupiter, FL campaign event on March 6, host Chris Wallace said he agreed with Trump’s assertion that Fields exaggerated the incident.  Partial transcript as follows: TRUMP:  Then when she wrote out, early on, before she knew she was on tape, that she was practically thrown to the ground. I wish I had it here. That didn’t happen. Okay? Do you agree with that? WALLACE: I agree with you. TRUMP: Excuse me. She lied. Do you agree she lied? WALLACE: I think she completely misrepresented it early on. I do. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN President Barack Obama headed out for another round of golf Sunday prior to ending his 16 day Martha’s Vineyard vacation on schedule. [Obama hit the links with investor Glenn Hutchins, Robert Wolf, the former CEO of UBS investment bank and Washington lawyer Cy Walker this afternoon, at Farm Neck Golf Club.  This is the tenth and final round of golf for the president as he wraps up his vacation. Obama drew criticism for refusing to end his vacation prematurely to visit the devastation caused by historic flooding in Louisiana. After Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump drew attention to the area by visiting on Friday, the White House announced that the president would also visit the disaster area on Tuesday  —   once his vacation was over. Hillary Clinton has also spent the weekend on Martha’s Vineyard attending fundraisers and hosting a birthday party for her husband Bill Clinton. The Times of Israel reports: WASHINGTON  —   Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton paid tribute to former president Shimon Peres Thursday and said she told Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at their Sunday meeting she would defend Israel as president. [Her comments came during a conference call Thursday with American Jewish leaders and community members.  “First and foremost, I want to say how saddened I am personally by the passing of Shimon Peres,” she said at the start of the call, organized ahead of the Jewish New Year, or Rosh Hashanah, which begins Sunday evening. “He has been a friend to my husband and me for many years. “When [Peres] spoke, it could be like listening to a psalm, and I loved sitting and listening to him, whether it was about Israel, the nation he loved and did so much to defend, or about peace or just about life itself,” she added. “I know that not only Israel but the United States and the world will miss him. ” Read more here. Tuesday in Glade, FL, while former President Bill Clinton was campaigning was for his wife Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, he said, “We got a lot of problems There is a reason so many people are mad. About 80 percent of us still haven’t had a raise since the crash. ”  Clinton said, ‘We got a lot of problems There is a reason so many people are mad. About 80 percent of us still haven’t had a raise since the crash. Right? If you adjust for inflation. About half the people in this country, if you adjust for inflation, are living on the same income they were living on the last day I was president. However, I predict ten years from now people will look back on this period and give Barack Obama much higher marks for the economy. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Friday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” Rep. Louie Gohmert ( ) was optimistic about the prospects of   Donald Trump being able to follow through with his campaign promises of a border wall.  Gohmert told “Fox  Friends”   Steve Doocy that there has been money already appropriated for the wall and that he was excited about the prospects of Trump “actually following the law. ” “It’s amazing what you can get Congress to do when you lead and push them in the right direction,” Gohmert said. “And actually, you know, we had appropriated money during the Bush administration that didn’t get spent for the wall. So, yeah, it’s going to be great to have somebody that’s actually following the law. ” “We’re going to be able to get this done,” he added. “It’s going to happen. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor On the Friday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM EST, host and Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon will discuss the contentious state of the GOP primary race as the fight for the delegates continues. [Special guests include Donald Trump, Jr.  the Washington Post’s Robert Costa, and presidential historian Craig Shirley.  We’ll also hear from Breitbart’s Jerome Hudson will discuss Bill Clinton lashing out at Black Lives Matter protesters. Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. Sirius XM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   . Govenor Kasich on record about Jonny Manzell pic. twitter.  After Thursday’s GOP presidential debate, candidate Gov. John Kasich ( ) was asked in passing what he thought about Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel.  He replied, “I think they’re gonna get rid of him. ” It is widely speculated that the Browns will cut ties with the former first round draft pick for his   troubles. New Browns head coach Hue Jackson even hinted at cutting ties with the troubled quarterback at the NFL Combine this week. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Earlier this week on Fox Business Network, actor Scott Baio said President Barack Obama’s reluctance to say “Islamic terror” means “he’s dumb, he’s Muslim or he’s a Muslim sympathizer. ”  “And I don’t think he’s dumb,” Baio added. He went on to wonder what the “end game” is. “Is it to totally eliminate the United States as it was created and founded and the way it is now?” Baio asked. “I’m baffled by the lack of anything happening. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Saturday, MSNBC’s Joy Reid said while discussing the Democratic National Convention that there “seems to be” an “  war between the Democrats at this point. ”  Show guest CRVIII. com   Jamal Simmons agreed, adding that “there’s a real concern starting to develop among people in the [Democratic] party. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent President Barack Obama kicked off his vacation at Martha’s Vineyard this afternoon with another round of golf. [According to CBS reporter Mark Knoller, that marks Obama’s 300th golf game during his presidency.  Obama reached this presidential milestone at the Farm Neck golf course with NBA star Chris Paul, his friend Cy Walker,  and White House staffer Joe Paulsen. President George W. Bush played golf 24 times during eight years in the White House, intentionally suspending the recreational activity in August 2003. President Woodrow Wilson reportedly played 1, 200 rounds of golf as president, while President Dwight Eisenhower played 800. Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” in commenting on the Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and his running mate Mike Pence response to the devastating flooding in his state Gov. John Bel Edwards ( ) said Trump’s visit and donation were “helpful. ”  Edwards said, “For the reasons that I stated earlier, because it helped to shine a spotlight on Louisiana and on the dire situation that we have here, that it was helpful. I will tell you that I also appreciated the good phone call, the conversation that I had with Governor Pence, who was sincere and genuine when he called and spoke for a long time on Friday morning about their desire to be helpful. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Monday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Hannity,” Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump argued that Humayun Khan wouldn’t have died if he was president “because I wouldn’t have been in the war, if I was president back then. ”  Trump said, “I can say this. If I was president, because his son died 12 years ago, if I were president, his son wouldn’t have died, because I wouldn’t have been in the war, if I was president back then. There would have been no war for Iraq, I can tell you that, because I think it’s ridiculous, the whole thing. And to be in that war was, as you know, as  —   ever since I’ve known you, I’ve been against that war. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett During the Saturday broadcast of “Justice” on Fox News Channel, host Judge Jeanine Pirro urged President Barack Obama to take his focus away from removing guns and instead, using guns to take down terrorists.  Pirro said Obama is “  in the leftist political ideology” when it comes to gun control, while he should be focused on protecting Americans and letting them defend themselves. “Mr. President, the issue is terrorism, not mass shootings. And yet, because of a political agenda, you refuse to the biggest danger that we face. Instead of blaming guns, why don’t you start shooting terrorists? Now, maybe you don’t have time to focus on this because you’re too busy emptying Guantanamo and trading deserters for Taliban generals. And as a result of your   in the leftist political ideology, you should be focused on protecting us and letting us defend ourselves. The police cannot do it all. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Hillary Clinton’s support has fallen below 50 percent among likely Democratic voters, allowing Sen. Bernie Sanders to halve his   gap since early March, according to a large survey from Morning Consult. [The gap between the two candidates is now only eight points, down from 16 points in early March.  In the new survey, taken March 11 through March 13, 40 percent of likely Democratic voters back Sanders, up from 36 percent a few days earlier. And while Sanders’ support grew 4 percentage points, Clinton’s declined by 4 points, to 48 percent. It’s the first time since   that Clinton’s support dipped below 50 percent. A simultaneous survey of likely GOP voters showed Donald Trump edging up his support among Republicans to 42 percent. That’s up from 40 percent in early March. Sen. Ted Cruz remained at 23 percent, while Sen. Marco Rubio dipped from 14 percent to 12 percent. The two surveys included answers from 4, 027 registered voters. WASHINGTON Oct. 1 (UPI)  —   The   daily presidential tracking poll released Saturday shows Donald Trump leading Hillary Clinton by nearly 2 percentage points.  The online poll shows Trump with 49. 31 percent, to Clinton’s 47. 34 percent. Trump has gained more than 3 percentage points and Clinton has lost more than 1 point over the course of seven days, the poll’s full sample size. The   online tracking poll surveys about 200 people each day, leading to a sample size of roughly 1, 400 people during any   span. Because the poll is conducted online and individuals   to participate, a margin of error cannot be calculated. The poll has a credibility interval of 3 percentage points. This   span includes data collected from Sept. 23 to 29, when 1, 804 individuals were surveyed. Of them, 1, 236 identified themselves as likely voters. Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” while commenting on Wikileaks releasing 20, 000 emails stolen from the servers of the Democratic National Committee which show a bias towards the campaign of Hillary Clinton, former Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said DNC chairwoman Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) should resign that post.  Sanders said, “I asked and demanded Debbie Wasserman Schultz’s resignation many, many months ago and I state that again. I don’t think she is qualified to be the chair of the DNC. Not only for these awful emails which revealed the prejudice of the DNC, but also because we need a party that reaches out to working people and young people and I don’t think her leadership style is doing that. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Stephen Battaglio reports in the Los Angeles Times that conservative commentator Tucker Carlson is taking over hosting Greta Van Susteren’s prime time show “On the Record” for Fox News. [From the Los Angeles Times:  Conservative commentator Tucker Carlson is getting his own nightly program on Fox News Channel starting Nov. 14, according to people familiar with the plan. Carlson is taking over the 7 p. m. ET time period long held by Greta Van Susteren, who left earlier this year over a contract dispute. Fox News senior political analyst Brit Hume has filled in since Van Susteren’s departure in early September. A Fox News spokesperson declined comment when asked about the plan for Carlson on Wednesday. But word that the program is close to a done deal is already making its way around Washington circles. Carlson will be the first major talent hire since former Fox News chairman Roger Ailes was forced out of the company over sexual harassment allegations. Read the rest here.  On Friday, HBO’s “Real Time” host Bill Maher wondered if GOP presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz was making “a dog whistle” by referencing “New York values. ”  Maher asked, “But wasn’t he looking also to make a dog whistle? Because when they asked him at the debate what do you mean by New York values? He said, I think people here in South Carolina know what I mean. And then he went on to say like, people in New York  …    they dominate the media and money. ” Maher then sarcastically wondered, which ethnic group “dominates media and money?” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett On this weeks broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” host Chris Wallace repeatedly pressed Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski to apologize for an incident involving former Breitbart News reporter Michelle Fields at a Jupiter, FL campaign event on March 6.  Lewandowski said, “I’ve never spoken to Ms. Fields. I turned over my phone records to the Palm Beach County District Attorney’s office, it clearly shows I called her phone number that evening, when I got back and read about this on the Twitter feed. I’d be happy to have a conversation with her. But to apologize to someone I’ve never spoken to, and candidly don’t remember ever having any interaction with, I think is something that is a little unrealistic right now. ” Maine Gov. Paul LePage said Thursday that he doesn’t believe Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) is eligible to become president. [From the Huffington Post: LePage told radio host Howie Carr that his two daughters were born in Canada, and they had to be naturalized as U. S. citizens even though he was born in America. “So I have a question there,” LePage said. Cruz was also born in Canada, but he maintains that he fits the constitutional requirement that a president be a “natural born citizen” because his mother was born in America. LePage said he didn’t think Cruz could be president because he believed his daughters were also ineligible. “They can’t. I know they can’t. I’ve already looked into it,” he said. The NRA’s Annual Meetings and Exhibits, held in Louisville, Kentucky, May   produced a “$53 million economic impact. ”[According to The   this made the convention “one of the most lucrative local meetings ever. ”  Think about it: three days equaled $53 million. The exhibit hall was open Friday through Sunday, 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. and Breitbart News previously reported that more than 80, 000 people attended. This year’s attendance marked a   increase over the large number in attendance at the 2015 event in Nashville. A Moms Demand Action rally timed to counter the NRA’s Louisville convention drew “around 40” people, according to The  . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com. The Jerusalem Post reports:  A day filled with diplomatic drama ended Thursday evening, when Egypt withdrew an   resolution it intended to submit to the UN Security Council just over an hour after   Donald Trump came out squarely against it. [“The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed,” Trump said in a statement.  “As the United States has long maintained, peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians will only come through direct negotiations between the parties, and not through the imposition of terms by the United Nations. This puts Israel in a very poor negotiating position, and is extremely unfair to all Israelis. ” Read the full story here.   Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump went after rival Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) by calling him “an even bigger liar” than Sen. Ted Cruz ( ). [“Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record,” Trump tweeted Saturday. “He is not as smart as Cruz, and may be an even bigger liar,” he added.  Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz, and may be an even bigger liar,  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 27, 2016,  AFP  —   French Prime Minister Manuel Valls on Sunday blasted a planned   trade treaty, saying the ambitious deal was against “EU interests. ”[advertisement The Orlando terrorist’s father Seddique Mateen was not an invited guest of Hillary Clinton’s campaign, according to the campaign, even though he sat directly behind the presidential candidate turning a rally in Florida. [“This individual wasn’t invited as a guest and the campaign was unaware of his attendance until after the event,” an anonymous Clinton campaign official said in a statement to reporters, noting that it was an “ ” rally open to the public.  A WPTV reporter recognized Mateen at the rally and interviewed him after the event. “It’s a Democratic party so everybody can enjoy,” he said, when asked why he decided to attend the rally. It is unclear how or why Mateen made his way onto the stage behind Clinton, although traditional staffers select diverse supporters to serve as a backdrop. advertisement Tuesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Chuck Todd, moderator of NBC’s “Meet the Press,” reacted to the announcement that Republican presidential candidates Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Gov. John Kasich were forming an alliance to take down party   Donald Trump was late.  According to Todd, if they had done it earlier, it might have made a difference in tonight’s GOP primary contests. “It would have been a great idea six weeks ago,” Todd said. “Because, six weeks ago know what we would be talking about today? Could John Kasich win in Connecticut? It would be a good John Kasich night. If they cut the deal then. Look, and the Kasich campaign was desperate to cut the deal then. There’s no doubt about it. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Wednesday at a rally in Cleveland,  just as Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) was saying, “Our party now has a nominee,” to which the crowd loudly booed, the plane carrying Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump flew by and silenced the crowd.  Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Hillary Clinton’s digital director Jenna Lowenstein deleted a tweet describing a Donald Trump   for men as “misogyny. ”[“Move along. No misogyny to see here, folks,” she snarked on Twitter Friday, highlighting the words “Men’s Tee” on an item in the Donald Trump campaign store.   The   featured a photo of a Clinton meme with the word “SAD!” pasted on the shirt (proudly made in the USA.) It is unclear why Lowenstein decided to delete her tweet promoting Donald Trump’s merchandise. Lowenstein, a member of Hillary Clinton’s “squad” has previously worked for the   organization EMILYs List as well as Gov. Terry McAulliffe’s campaign. Adult Language Warning]  During MSNBC’s Iowa caucus live coverage, the cable network accidentally aired an Iowa resident saying the   “ . ” A young woman debating over Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said, “What I want to know, I get VA. I am VA. I am a vet. My mom’s a vet. How is he going to fix it? The VA is more screwed up than it has been in a while. The fact I haven’t gotten benefits in three months because the VA is so f —  ked up really makes me concerned. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN In an interview that aired on CNBC’s “Squawk Box” on Monday, Diana Orrock, a GOP delegate from Nevada and supporter of Republican presidential   Donald Trump, downplayed the role that primaries and caucuses play in selecting the eventual Republican presidential nominee.  According to Orrock, the power rests in the hands of the delegates. “People are under the misconception that it’s the results of the caucus and the results of the primary that determines who becomes the nominee,” Orrock said. “In actuality, it’s the delegates at the national convention that are supposed to pick the nominee. ” She speculated that there is an effort underway to prevent Trump from becoming the nominee “at all costs. ” “Going into this convention they’re going to try to do a lot of manipulation to try to keep Trump from becoming the nominee,” she added. “A lot of political operatives in the Republican Party are trying to take Trump out at all costs. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Tuesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Sen. Senator Claire McCaskill ( ) said the original reason for the FBI investigation into Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s use of a private unsecured email server during her tenure as secretary of state was “legitimate. ”  McCaskill said, “The overall investigation exists because there was a legitimate question as to whether or not Hillary Clinton had done something against the law as it related to classified  . And I believe that investigation was very thorough. Now, they have a few more   to look at. By the way, they have almost 14, 000 FBI agents and a budget of $8. 5 billion. Seems they could get busy and look at these and tell us by the end of the week. ” From David Martosko writing at the Daily Mail: advertisement Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is scheduled to hold a campaign rally at the Duke Energy Center for the Performing Arts in Raleigh, NC at 7:00 p. m. ET on Tuesday.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo   demonstrators took to the streets on London on Saturday to call on the British government to do more to tackle the migrant crisis. [According to police, some 20, 000 protesters marched down through one of the most affluent areas of the capital carrying a variety of banners and placards. They shouted slogans such as “say it loud, say it clear: refugees are welcome here!”  Some of the signs read “  is illegal” “stop the drowning” while others chanted “refugees  —   let them stay  …    Let’s deport Theresa May!” The gathering was organised by a group called Solidarity with Refugees, and was supported by a variety of   and   groups including Amnesty International, Oxfam, Medecins Sans Frontieres, the Refugee Council and Stop the War Coalition. AFP contributed to this report, All pictures by Rachel Megawhat for Breitbart London,                                 Economist Larry Kudlow reacted Friday on “The Steve Malzberg Show” to the Obama administrations’s poor numbers for the month of May’s jobs report, saying he believes the country is entering “a mild business recession. ”  “It’s been five months now and the only reason the unemployment rate fell a bit is because 458, 000 people left the labor force,” Kudlow explained. “It’s not a pretty picture” he added. “I think we are in a mild business recession. “It’s not a whole economy recession, because consumers are still spending some and housing is OK, but I gotta tell ya  —   business recessions are always the leading indicator. ” (  Real Clear Politics) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Fox News’ Megyn Kelly is sharing her opinion on the recent retweet from GOP frontrunner Donald Trump of a picture of Heidi Cruz and Melania Trump   . [“Seriously?” Kelly posted on Twitter after Trump retweeted an unflattering photo of Sen. Ted Cruz’s ( ) wife Heidi next to a photo of Trump’s super model wife Melania.  Seriously?  https:  .   —   Megyn Kelly (@megynkelly) March 24, 2016,  ”@Don_Vito_08: ”A picture is worth a thousand words” @realDonaldTrump #LyingTed #NeverCruz @MELANIATRUMP pic. twitter. ”  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 24, 2016,  After Trump retweeted the image sent to him, Cruz took to Twitter to defend his wife. Donald, real men don’t attack women. Your wife is lovely, and Heidi is the love of my life.  https:  .   —   Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) March 24, 2016,  Cruz and Trump have been going back and forth on Twitter for the past few days after Trump went after Cruz for a Super PAC ad shaming Melania, which ran in Utah. Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump sailed past his own campaign’s prediction on the final delegate count, and now heads into next month’s Republican National Convention. [After the final five state Republican primaries on Tuesday night, Trump stands at 1, 536 delegates.  In April, Trump’s campaign predicted it would reach 1, 400 delegates ahead of the convention to meet the threshold delegate requirement of 1, 237 in order to clinch the nomination on the first ballot. Trump broke the Republican primary record by 1. 4 million votes, according to the conservative blog site, The Gateway Pundit. Breitbart News earlier reported that following the New York primary in April, Trump already had two million more votes than GOP nominee Mitt Romney did in 2012. Donald Trump’s running mate Indiana Gov. Mike Pence is sharing his doctor’s positive medical evaluation. [The release comes after Hillary Clinton’s recent health episode at the   memorial ceremony where she appeared to collapse and after the Republican nominee appeared on Doctor Oz.  Dr. Michael F. Busk, Pence’s doctor, evaluated him in July and released his analysis. “Overall, you [Governor Pence] are in excellent general and cardiovascular health,” Busk reports. “You maintain a healthy lifestyle and prevent disease through your lifestyle and by practicing the adult preventative care guidelines. You are medically able to maintain your high level of professional work and your physical activity programs without limitations. ” The final chapter of Treyarch’s Zombie mode is coming to Call of Duty: Black Ops III. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has received an endorsement from the Cleveland Police Patrolmen’s Union in the key battleground state of Ohio. [The union voted overwhelmingly Friday for Trump over Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton in a 216 to 68 vote, WJW reported.  The union usually does not endorse a candidate, but members voted last week to make an endorsement this year by one vote. “The Membership voted by a narrow margin that the Cleveland Police Patrolmen’s Association WILL make an endorsement in the upcoming election for President of the United States,” CPPA President Steve Loomis said in a letter sent to all police union members Wednesday. The national Fraternal Order of Police endorsed Trump for president in September. Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” political commentator Cokie Roberts said Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton is having trouble with particularly young voters and noted that “more Romney supporters are for Trump than Obama supporters are for Hillary. ”  Roberts said, “And it’s having a huge impact, if you look in this poll. Not only are young people off of Hillary Clinton completely, but people like Bill Kristol who said, you know, find somebody as an alternative to Trump, the voters aren’t saying that. More Romney supporters are for Trump than Obama supporters are for Hillary. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN   NBA   Isiah Thomas said Friday on ESPN’s “First Take” that white silence during times of social injustice involving an   is the same thing as violence itself.  “I look at white silence in these issues as violence,” Thomas said. “White silence is the equivalent to violence in these issues. When you’re not standing up and you’re not speaking out for your brother, right, you and I are brothers regardless of skin color, and this is where this whole race thing, this constructed race thing really separates us in this country, and that’s what we need to get underneath because any type of mistreatment of you or oppression of you I have to stand up and speak against that. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent This week, NBC’s “Saturday Night Live” mocked the recent happenings in 2016 presidential race, as well as the Donald Trump speech with Gov. Chris Christie ( ) giving a blank stare that many deemed Christie as being held hostage.  Darrell Hammond as Trump announced, “P. S. America, I have a great, big, huge d —  !” “SNL’s” cold open then cut to a   Clinton speech, where she spoke in front of a group of young blacks and a Muslim. Then, the show went over to Taran Killam playing Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) where the show mocked his appearance and his eating a white booger during this week’s GOP debate. Finally, Jason Sudeikis came back as Mitt Romney and asked Trump if he could be his running mate. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent A fisherman kayaking in the Pacific Ocean near Los Angeles caught a leopard shark  —   and soon found himself in a fierce    with a great white shark. [“I had the camera in one hand and I had the shark in the other hand   …     I had to move my arm back and forth like a piston so that it wouldn’t just pull me over,” Bill Morales told local San   affiliate KTLA.   Great white sharks are not uncommon along the Southern California coast, though it is usually the juveniles that feed nearby, with adult sharks venturing further out to sea. Last year, a hammerhead shark bit another kayaker in deep water off the coast of Malibu. Leopard sharks are endemic to the shallow waters near Los Angeles in the Santa Monica Bay, and are harmless. In recent months, other shark species, such as basking sharks, have been seen near Los Angeles, thanks to warmer waters in the eastern Pacific caused by the El Niño phenomenon. See the full story at KTLA. Monday while campaigning in Kentucky before the Tuesday primary, Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton faced off with a heckler who did not agree with Clinton’s criticism of the state’s Republican governor, Matt Bevin.  After a woman interpreted her Clinton said, “You are entitled to your opinion, but you’re not entitled to your own facts! And I’ll be happy when I finish talking to everybody else for you to come over here and you can tell me what you are saying, and we can talk and we can hear whats on your mind. But I’ll tell you what the truth is. And you know it’s time people stopped listening to Republican propaganda!” GAINESVILLE, Fla. (AP)  —   Tim Kaine is shrugging off any possibility that he could be embarrassed by the release of hacked emails. [advertisement The Hill reports on Breitbart’s party for Ann Coulter’s book launch: Coulter, a hardline opponent of illegal immigration and one of Trump’s most prominent media backers, was speaking to The Hill at a party to launch her new book, “In Trump We Trust: E Pluribus Awesome!” In the book, Coulter writes that “there’s nothing Trump can do that won’t be forgiven. Except change his immigration policies. ”   …     A Trump supporter from Indiana went to great lengths to protect his yard sign from getting stolen by thieves. [The homeowner, Phillip, who asked that news outlets only identify him by his first name,   the sign with green fishing wire and string to keep   thieves away from it, RTV 6 reported.   RTV 6 reported Phillip later added a video camera that he hid in a nearby tree to record people who attempt to steal the sign. Phillip said that he’s caught two alleged thieves so far under his system. “I’m   so far,” he told ABC News. The camera caught the second   thief in the act when a young woman attempted to take the sign and faceplanted on the ground as she attempted to escape. “Whether it’s a Bernie or Hillary or a Trump sign, you might disagree with whatever the politics are, but it’s not yours,” Phillip told RTV 6. “Leave it alone. ” (AFP)  —   Japanese authorities have warned of a possible measles outbreak after a fan who went to a Justin Bieber concert near Tokyo was diagnosed with the contagious disease, officials said Friday. [advertisement Musician Kid Rock had a message for San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick Saturday while performing at Fenway Park in Boston, MA.  In the middle of singing “Born Free,” Kid Rock said to the tune of applause, “Man, f*** Colin Kaepernick!” (  The Daily Caller) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Thursday at CNN’s Republican presidential town hall, when asked about Pope Francis saying Donald Trump was not a Christian, Gov. John Kasich ( ) said he was “ . ”  Kasich said, “Put me down in the   column. Really, I mean come on. ” He continued, “This guy has been so humble,” adding, “He has opened the walls and the doors of the church to lots of people who didn’t understand it. ” Referring to Pope Francis criticizing Trump’s border wall plan, Kasich said, “We have a right to build a wall, but I got to tell you there are too many walls between us. We need bridges between us if we’re going to fix the problems in Washington, because all they do is have walls. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN advertisement Wednesday at a town hall in Pennsylvania moderated by Fox News Channel’s Sean Hannity, Republican presidential   Donald Trump brought up wall he had proposed on numerous occasions while on the campaign trail this election cycle.  During that discussion, Trump doubled down on his claim that Mexico will pay for the wall. “You know the politicians say, ‘They’ll never pay,’” Trump said. “A hundred percent   …     They’ll pay, they’ll pay  —   in one form or another. They may even write us a check by the time they see what happens. ” Trump even offered a timetable for the completion of the wall when asked by Hannity, predicting around two years from start date. “Well, I would say it will be complete two years from the time we start,” he said. “We’ll start quickly, we’ll start quickly. And it will be a real wall. It will be a real wall. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor     hotel accommodation provided for asylum seekers has been labelled discriminatory because paying guests receive better food than migrants who demand their “VIP status” be recognised. [Private contractor Clearsprings is housing 129 refugees at the   Europa Gatwick Hotel where migrants have their own rooms, with   bathrooms, plus a television and tea and   facilities.  The man, who has previously worked at hotels in Dubai, said: “We should be considered VIPs because we are   guests. We are making money for this hotel. ” One migrant interviewed last November lamented he was unable to turn back and go home, and complained about the Europeans he had met. He said: “Here it is so cold and nobody cares about us. Now we want to go, to move, there is no way back. We have already crossed seven or eight borders”. Another migrant thought Europe already had welcomed too many migrants. He said: “the weather is so cold, and the people are too much. Too much people coming to this area” . WASHINGTON (AP)  —   Ben Carson ran for president, and his consultants won. [advertisement In a break with the recent attacks on our national anthem, when a sound system broke down just as a high school volleyball game was set to begin, instead of ignoring the national anthem, the whole gym full of teenagers raised their voices to sing “The   Banner. ”[We have become accustomed to seeing stories with athletes, both professional and amateur, indulging in   protests when the national anthem is played before games, but one high school in Troy, New York, is bucking that trend.  As students at Troy’s Lansingburgh High School prepared for a girls’ volleyball game, the gym sound system broke down and was unable to play the national anthem. Not to be denied their patriotism, instead of remaining quiet as the technicians tried to fix the sound system, the students erupted in song. The event was caught on video and posted to Youtube: Not all teens are falling into the trends of  . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com. The Associated Press is reporting that three George Mason University students have been arrested for allegedly possessing   equipment in their dorm room. [The   unidentified students were arrested last Wednesday night after flames were seen coming from their   window. Along with drug paraphernalia, the students were found with equipment that police said could be used for making bombs.  The arrests have added meaning after today’s massive attacks in Brussels that have so far claimed more than 30 lives. George Mason University is located in Fairfax County, Virginia outside of Washington DC which has been the site of jihadi organizing and recruitment in recent years and even months. New York (AFP)  —   Leonard Cohen, the storied musician and poet hailed as one of the most visionary artists of his generation, has died at age 82, his publicist announced on Thursday. [“It is with profound sorrow we report that legendary poet, songwriter and artist, Leonard Cohen has passed away. We have lost one of music’s most revered and prolific visionaries,” read a statement on Cohen’s Facebook page.  Cohen, who was brought up in Montreal but lived in California late in his life, will have a private memorial service at a later date, the statement said. Cohen began as a poet before at first reluctantly branching out into music, writing some of his generation’s most reflective songs including the   spiritual “Hallelujah. ” He released his final album just last month. Entitled “You Want It Darker,” Cohen on the album reflected at length on his own mortality. Wednesday on CNN’s “New Day,” former Mexican President Vicente Fox said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was “not welcome to Mexico. ”  Fox said, “First of all, let me tell you, he is not welcome to Mexico. By 130 million people, we don’t like him, we don’t want him, we reject his message. I don’t understand why President Peña has offered this opportunity. I think it’s nothing more than a political stunt. Trump is using Mexico, he’s using President Peña to boost his sinking poll numbers. I think the President Peña is taking an enormous political risk by hosting Trump. If he’s gone soft on Trump, it will hurt him greatly. He will even be considered like a traitor because we don’t accept to be offended like we just heard and that should not happen  —   he comes here with a smile on his face. I think this is a big mistake on part of President Peña. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN I can’t imagine what Sony’s marketing department was trying to tell us about fans of the new feminist Ghostbusters. From Washington Examiner’s Paul Bedard:[The national union that represents 7, 000 U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers claims that House Speaker Paul Ryan is playing a role in the national immigration crisis by not voicing strong support for law enforcement’s war on the administration’s   practices.  In a stinging letter to Ryan, the president of the National Immigration and Customs Enforcement Council charged that Ryan’s legislative moves and rhetoric have led to more illegals entering the country with the belief they can stay. “I am sorry to say that your rhetoric could be adding to that perception. Children crossing our border are molested and perish. Any political leader who truly cares about these children will stop the rhetoric and begin working with law enforcement to develop sound immigration policy to end the crisis on our nation’s border,” wrote union president Chris Crane. Read the rest of the article and letter here. This article was originally published by the New York Times:  advertisement This article was originally published by jpost. com:  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expressed condolences to the family of Nancy Reagan, the former first lady, who died at the age of 94 on Sunday. “I remember Nancy as a noble woman who supported President [Ronald] Reagan and stood by his side,” the prime minister said. “She will be remembered as a great friend of the State of Israel. ” Reagan, the former actress who was fiercely protective of husband Ronald Reagan through a Hollywood career, eight years in the White House, an assassination attempt and her husband’s Alzheimer’s disease, died on Sunday at age 94, the Reagan library said. Read the rest of the article here. The Washington Post reports:  CAIRO  —   The Islamic State’s affiliate in Egypt is staging increasingly sophisticated and daring attacks, officials and analysts say, prompting Israel, Egypt and the Palestinian militant group Hamas to form an unlikely alliance against the terrorist group. [Hamas deployed several hundred fighters last week to Gaza’s border with Egypt’s lawless northern Sinai as part of a deal with Egypt to keep militants of the Islamic State  —   also known as ISIS or ISIL  —   from entering the coastal enclave.  That came days after Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu praised his country’s decision to build a new barrier along the   border, warning that “we would have been overflowed by thousands of ISIS fighters from Sinai. ” The growing concerns have given birth to the greatest cooperation between the militaries of Egypt and Israel since their 1979 peace deal, according to officials from both countries. Read more here During the 2013 State of the Union Address, President Obama said, “by the end of next year, our war in Afghanistan will be over. ”  Obama said, “Already, we have brought home 33, 000 of our brave servicemen and women. This spring, our forces will move into a support role, while Afghan security forces take the lead. Tonight, I can announce that over the next year, another 34, 000 American troops will come home from Afghanistan. This drawdown will continue and by the end of next year, our war in Afghanistan will be over. ” (  Jimmy Princeton) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett In the early hours of Wednesday morning at Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s Election Night headquarters in New York City, NY. MSNBC showed some young Hillary Clinton supporters sobbing to the unofficial results that show Republican Donald Trump won the presidency.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo advertisement Thursday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” host Joe Scarborough speculated on the implications of Democratic presidential hopeful Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) defeating party   Hillary Clinton in next week’s California Democratic presidential primary.  According to Scarborough, such an upset by Sanders would be a “political earthquake. ” “California should be an easy win for Hillary,” Scarborough said. “The NBC poll yesterday, the field poll today, suggests this is a tight race. It’s going down to the very end. It’s going to be extraordinarily important if not in the delegate count in the public relations game. A Bernie Sanders win in California is a political earthquake. It’s that simple. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor In an interview with AFP, actor and comedian Alec Baldwin sounded off on climate change at the United Nations.  Baldwin touted the importance and described those skeptical of the theory to be suffering from “mental illness. ” “There can be no successful climate agreement and no future for our planet without greater protection of the world’s forests, everyone in the room understands this,” Baldwin said in his appearance at the UN. “And so much of what’s coming on now is something that we have to treat as some kind of mental illness,” he added in his interview with AFP. “I believe the climate change denial is a form of mental illness. ” (  Grabien) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor On the Wednesday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM EST, host and Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon will discuss the new state of the race for the White House   Tuesday. [Special guests include Ben Carson’s campaign advisor Armstrong Williams and pollster and Ted   Super PAC chair Kellyanne Conway.  Breitbart reporters will call in to offer     coverage from the campaign trail on the fallout from last night’s election results. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. Sirius XM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   . (AP) Don’t look for Gennifer Flowers in the audience at Monday’s kickoff presidential debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton.  That’s according to a transcript by “Fox News Sunday,” in which Trump’s vice presidential running mate Mike Pence says “Gennifer Flowers will not be attending the debate tomorrow night. ” Pence spoke after Trump tweeted Saturday that he might ask Flowers to sit in the audience. Flowers claimed that she and Clinton’s husband, Bill, had a   affair. The allegation nearly derailed Clinton’s 1992 presidential campaign. He acknowledged having caused pain in his marriage and went on to win two terms as president. Earlier Sunday, Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said on ABC’s “This Week” that Flowers has a right to attend the debate if “somebody else gives her a ticket. ” On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” while discussing the National Review’s special edition in opposition to  Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, conservative commentator George Will said  it might be too late.  Will said, “General Douglas MacArthur said that in war, every disaster can be explained in two words ‘too late.’ The question is whether the conservative wing of the Republican Party, AKA the Republican wing of the Republican Party, is beginning too late to rally against Mr. Trump. ” President Barack Obama’s senior adviser Valerie Jarrett spoke Friday at boxing legend Muhammad Ali’s funeral.  Jarrett remembered Ali as having led America from its “original sin of slavery and discrimination” on a “path towards salvation. ” “Brash, defiant, pioneering, joyful, never tired, always game to test the odds. He was our most basic freedoms, religion, speech, spirit. He embodied our ability to invent ourselves. His life spoke to our original sin of slavery and discrimination and the journey he traveled help to shock our consciousness and lead us on a roundabout path towards salvation,” Jarrett stated. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent In a Sunday press conference in Lima, Peru, President Barack Obama said he may not follow former President George W. Bush’s lead to not publicly criticize his successor.  Instead, Obama left the opportunity to speak out on   Donald Trump if he deems it “necessary or helpful. ” “I want to be respectful of the office and give the   an opportunity to put forward his platform and his arguments without somebody popping off in every instance,” Obama said. “As an American citizen who cares deeply about our country, if there are issues that have less to do with the specifics of some legislative proposal but go to core questions about our values and our ideals, and if I think that it is necessary or helpful for me to defend those ideals, I’ll examine it when it comes. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent New York City’s sports talk radio host Mike Francesa delivered a rant today on his show against protesters of the killing of   Harambe the gorilla, who was shot dead Saturday after a    boy fell into the Cincinnati Zoo exhibit.  Francesa ripped into protesters who are upset the zoo killed Harambe after he dragged the boy across the exhibit, leaving him hospitalized with serious injuries. “Could you imagine if that was your child in there?” Francesa said. “You’re gonna have people who are gonna say, ‘Wait a second, I’m worried about the gorilla,’ when your kid’s in there basically maybe seconds from having his head crushed?” “We live in a world now where you are gonna be more concerned with a gorilla than you are the little boy? What’s wrong with you people?” he later added. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Chuck Todd, the moderator of NBC’s “Meet the Press,” told Politico’s “Off Message” podcast earlier this month that   Donald Trump was a “salesman” and has an ultimate goal to be “popular. ”  Todd said of Trump, “He is a marketer. He is a salesman. I’ve never met a salesman that didn’t exaggerate or worse. And one of the things we have to remember about him because it’s the salesman mentality. He will never say a negative word about you in person. To your face. he will always compliment —  always find a way to compliment. It’s every salesman trick in the book, like Dale Carnegie. ” Todd continued, “He doesn’t want to be unpopular. That is a powerful thing  …    I think he is an any means necessary kind of guy. I think he is a transactional guy,” adding, “I ultimately believe that guardrails for him are popularity, and that matters to him. ” (  Politico) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN TEHRAN, Iran (AP)  —   Iranians are no longer allowed to catch Pikachus after authorities decided to ban the “Pokemon Go” mobile game because of security concerns. [advertisement While mocking the media on Saturday, White House Correspondents’ Dinner host Larry Wilmore pointed out that CNN’s Don Lemon was in the crowd.  He then called Lemon “Alleged journalist Don Lemon,” sparking Lemon to laugh and raise his hand before giving Wilmore the finger. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Haaretz reports: The International Olympic Committee reprimanded the head of the Lebanese delegation on Sunday after the Lebanese athletes refused to share a bus with the Israeli team ahead of the opening ceremony of the Rio Olympics on Friday. [The head of the Lebanese group physically blocked the Israeli athletes from boarding a shuttle meant to take both delegations to the ceremony, in what Israeli sailing coach Udi Gal called a ‘diplomatic incident.’  Officials ended up organizing a seperate bus ride for the Israeli delegation. Read the full story. On the Saturday broadcast of MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” John Jay College Professor of Law and Police Studies Eugene O’Donnell reacted to the Dallas attack by pointing to the combination of mental illness and “this sick gun culture we have” for the death of five police officers and injuries to several more in Dallas.  “I think it’s pretty clear you have somebody here with a mental health issue, and that is lethal combination with this sick gun culture we have, where guns are so readily available. You have the capacity for ordinary people to bring war to downtown Dallas,” O’Donnell said. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump reacted to James Comey’s statement that the FBI Director won’t recommend criminal prosecution against presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton on her use of a private email server during her time as Secretary of State. [Trump blames Comey’s recommendation against filing criminal charges on a rigged system.  The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad judgment.  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 5, 2016,  FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! #RiggedSystem,  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 5, 2016,  Trump has often talked about the rigged political system while on the campaign trail. Although Comey suggested there shouldn’t be any criminal charges against Clinton, he did note her careless actions, which did involve top secret information at the time emails were sent and received. Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are tied at 44 percent among likely voters, according to the latest Rasmussen Reports White House Watch report published seven days ahead of the general election. [Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson received five percent in the latest report, while Green Party candidate Jill Stein reached two percent. Four percent of the likely voters remain undecided.  On Monday, the poll showed Clinton with a slight lead, 45 percent to Trump’s 42 percent. The Rasmussen Report White House Watch survey is updated each week day and is “based on a   rolling average of 1, 500 Likely U. S. Voters. ” The survey was conducted Oct. 27, Oct. 30 and Oct. 31 and has a plus or minus 2. 5 percent margin of error. COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP)  —   A prosecutor has charged an Ohio woman with using an app to livestream the alleged rape of a    girl. [advertisement Tuesday in an appearance on FBN’s “Lou Dobbs Tonight,” former U. S. Navy SEAL Team Six Leader Rob O’Neill pointed to the timing of Khizr Khan’s participation in presidential election politics and declared him to be “part of the Clinton machine. ”  “It is unfortunate,” O’Neill said. “They shouldn’t be politicizing it. And there was no mistake he came out for the Clintons. He’s worked for the Clintons before and there have been three presidential elections since his son was killed. They could have come out for  —   this is one he decided to come out for. This is part of the Clinton machine. There’s no mistake that Mr. Trump was interviewed by George Stephanopoulos. He’s in the Clinton camp as well and this is how Clinton politics work as opposed to going on Hillary’s record we’re just going to how bad you are. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor ABC News reports: Egyptian judo fighter Islam El Shehaby was loudly booed at the Rio de Janeiro Olympics after his   loss to Israel’s   Or Sasson, when El Shehaby refused to shake Sasson’s hand, in a major breach of judo etiquette. [Sasson defeated El Shehaby with two throws for an automatic victory, with about a minute and a half remaining in the bout.  Afterwards, El Shehaby lay flat on his back for a moment before standing to take his place before Sasson, in front of the referee. When Sasson extended his hand, El Shehaby backed away, shaking his head. The referee then called El Shehaby back to the mat and obliged to him bow El Shehaby gave a quick nod of his head. El Shehaby refused to comment afterward. Read more here. Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” while discussing presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s   running mate pick Gov. Mike Pence ( ) Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus said the pick showed “maturity and a pivot for the general election. ”  Priebus said, “I think it was a great pick and it’s a great juxtaposition, and he’s a great personality and they don’t grow on everything which shows maturity and a pivot for the general election. And I  think it was a perfect pick. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN (THE UNITED WEST) Clare Lopez of the Center for Security Policy, a member of the Benghazi Citizen’s Commission and former CIA intelligence officer, exposes Benghazi as a complete national security disaster resulting from the lack of leadership from President Barack Obama and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.  In part one, Lopez explains in simple detail exactly how the United States,  led by Clinton, aligned itself with the Muslim Brotherhood in a way that defies common sense and basic principles of foreign policy. The United West presents this   series as a national security context to better understand the blockbuster Hollywood movie, “13 Hours, the Secret Soldiers of Benghazi.“ Follow The United West on Twitter @TheUnitedWest WASHINGTON (AP)  —   To all the political junkies yearning for a contested Republican convention this summer: not so fast. [advertisement An Alabama teenager is facing felony assault charges after she used a stun gun on a teacher trying to break up a fight between her and another girl. [Mobile County sheriff’s officials say that a video shows the teen trying to fight another girl at Mary G. Montgomery High School outside Mobile on Thursday afternoon, according to the Associated Press.   Authorities say a teacher stepped in to try to break up the fight, when the girl tasered him with a stun gun and ran. Students looked on in shock as she ran away through the school’s parking lot. Deputies arrested the girl despite her efforts to flee and took her to Strickland Youth Center, a juvenile detention facility, Sgt. Joseph Mahoney told AL. com. She has been charged with felony assault for tasering the teacher and misdemeanor assault for striking the other girl in the face. Police are not releasing the girl’s identity because she is a minor. Monday, September 26, MILO will deliver a speech ahead of the first presidential debate, explaining why Donald J. Trump deserves the White House. [The event begins at 7:00 PM EST, two hours shy of the debate, at the University of South Florida in Tampa. This is the fifth talk in the second leg of MILO’s Dangerous Faggot Tour across American campuses.  MILO will examine the reasons Hillary could be crushed in the upcoming debate, including her ongoing health issues, her chronic trust problem, and her lack of charisma. You can watch the speech when it begins, at the link below:   COLUMBIA, S. C. (AP)  —   Donald Trump’s rivals are running out of time to stop him after his dominant performance in South Carolina. [advertisement Milwaukee County, WI Sheriff David Clarke spoke Friday on Fox News Channel’s “Hannity” about the media’s treatment of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.  “The liberal mainstream media is dwindling into irrelevancy,” Clarke told host Sean Hannity. “Donald Trump understands this is a dragon that has to be slayed. The liberal mainstream media, these rags, realize that this is their last stand to have any influence over the American public as it relates to presidential politics. ” Clarke then likened Trump’s response to the media to Muhammad Ali’s “  ” strategy. “The media is pounding away, throwing everything they got like George Foreman was, and every once in a while Donald Trump look up, he smiles and says ‘is that all you got? ’” he said. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent In a new campaign ad, Hillary Clinton speaks directly to the camera as a soft piano soundtrack plays in the background. [“It’s not just my name and my opponent’s name on the ballot, it’s about the kind of country we want for our children and our grandchildren,” she says. “Is America dark and divisive or hopeful and inclusive?”   Clinton admits that the country has been through tough economic times, but says she would work to make life better for the American people. “We won’t always get it right but you can count on this,” she said. “I’ve never quit and I never will. ” Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz’s campaign says it has $19 million cash on hand. [Cruz’s communications director Rick Tyler tweeted the announcement.  Cruz campaign will announce $19 million cash on hand in Q4 report.  —   Rick Tyler (@rickwtyler) January 29, 2016,  Jeff Roe, Cruz’s campaign manager, also mentioned the figure at a Bloomberg Politics breakfast briefing on Friday. According to Bloomberg: He argued that the campaign is built for the long haul and that Cruz is the only candidate who can defeat Donald Trump, whether or not Cruz wins Iowa in the     caucuses on Monday. “I think it’s gonna be a record turnout,” Roe said. Most analysts say a large turnout could favor Trump since it would suggest his unconventional campaign has drawn new voters out to support him. Any conservative vote cast for a candidate other than Cruz is a “wasted vote,” Roe said, predicting that Marco Rubio wouldn’t be a “close” third. Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) is up with a new ad out hitting rival Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) for using the same language as President Obama to promote immigration reform. [The ad begins with Rubio saying he would never support blanket legalization amnesty:   “I will never support, never have, and never will support, any effort to grant blanket legalization amnesty to folks who have entered, or stayed, in this country illegally,” Rubio says. “Then Rubio got to Washington and wrote the bill giving amnesty to illegals, using Obama’s talking points to make his sales pitch,” The ad says. The ad then shows clips of President Obama and Rubio using the same talking points. The ad concludes, “Marco Rubio burned us once, he shouldn’t get the chance to sell us out again. ” advertisement Surveillance video captured a woman stealing the ring off of a dead woman in an Odessa, Texas, funeral home on April 8.[  KXAN reported: April 8, around 5:30 p. m. the suspect is seen entering the Sunset Memorial Gardens  Funeral Home. The female suspect enters the room, walks over to the body and takes the ring right off the dead woman’s hand. The suspect then flees from the scene in a maroon   Saturn. LeBron James doesn’t make a habit of losing, which might explain why he’s so bad at handling defeat. The current NBA champion and former endorser of Hillary Clinton requested separate accommodations when the Cavaliers travel to New York to play the Knicks. [Apparently, the memory of Clinton’s loss to   Donald Trump is still a little too fresh for “King James. ”  According to The Hollywood Reporter, “LeBron James and several teammates have decided not to stay at Trump Soho in lower Manhattan this week. The Cavs booked rooms at the luxury hotel for two days, as the team will play the Knicks on Wednesday. “Cavs general manager David Griffin told the Associated Press that the team has made plans for a “group that wants to be together elsewhere. ” Griffin did not say where the players will be staying. ” The Cavs defeated Toronto   on Monday night and will arrive in New York on Tuesday. Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn Friday on “CBS This Morning,” correspondent Julianna Goldman reported on the ongoing back and forth between presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton.  But also segment segment, Goldman discussed Trump making Hillary Clinton’s husband a target, former President Bill Clinton, which she said “carries a great risk. ” “Spouses are typically considered off limits, but a former president is not a typical spouse,” Goldman said. “He’s been a constant presence on the campaign trail, making him a natural target for Trump, but one that carries great risk. Among women, Bill Clinton’s favorability ratings are higher than the presumptive Republican nominee’s and his own wife’s. The former president also has to be careful. ” (  Newsbusters) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor On a special edition of Breitbart News Sunday, SiriusXM host and Breitbart News Chairman Stephen K. Bannon will discuss the massacre at an Orlando gay nightclub by a gunman who pledged his allegiance to the Islamic State. [Bannon will be joined by a panel of special guests who will analyze all aspects of the attack from the national security to the political ramifications.  Special guests include: Breitbart News Sunday is broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 7PM to 10PM Eastern. Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   . From Zero Hedge:  As the presidential campaign enters its final stages, probing questions have emerged about the health condition of Hillary Clinton. Hillary’ bizarre, erratic behavior on the campaign trail (culminating with last week’s perplexing “ ” comment) has left many wondering whether she is seriously ill.  Hillary has at multiple times had convulsions that appear to be seizures on camera, including a series of seemingly inexplicable coughing fits. A frequently referenced video, shown below, alleging that Hillary may have   conditions emerged several weeks ago and has so far failed to lead to a conclusive explanation whether Hillary may have ongoing health problems and potential residual aftereffects from a blood clot in her brain sustained three years ago. Read the rest of the story at Zero Hedge. Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” Democratic strategist and former DNC Chair Donna Brazile at Saturday’s ABC News Republican primary debate Gov. Chris Christie ( ) “prosecuted” Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) referencing Christie’s years as the United States Attorney for New Jersey.  Brazile said, “Right, right. Well, look, Marco Rubio was supposed to be the rock star. He was supposed to be the guy who comes out and with his charisma to transcend all of this, what I call, messiness of the Republican Party. He came out last night, George, with a prerecorded stump speech in his head and he couldn’t hit pause to respond to Chris Christie. Chris Christie prosecuted Marco Rubio. And he kept coming back with his stump speech. And his stump speech was, unlike Obama, and then he stalled. And so I think it was a bad night for him. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Here’s video of Trump walking out in Miami to ”Do You Hear the People Sing” from Les Mis: pic. twitter.  Friday at his rally in Miami, FL, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump made his entrance to “Do You Hear the People Sing?” from the Broadway play Les Miserables to the backdrop of a “Les Deplorablés” banner.  The image is apparently a play off of his opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, who referred to some Trump supporters as “deplorables” a week earlier. Trump opened his remarks by saying, “Welcome to all of you Deplorables. ” Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo The New York Times details how Hillary Clinton dealt with her husband’s infidelity during the 1992 campaign. “I would crucify her” in front of a jury, Hillary said of Gennifer Flowers, one of Bill Clinton’s accusers, according to Gail Sheehy, a journalist traveling with Hillary at the time. [advertisement   Donald Trump recognized the death of famous astronaut John Glenn, declaring him an American hero. [“Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn,” he wrote briefly on Twitter. “He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed. ”  Glenn, the first American to orbit the earth in 1962 and the oldest person in space in 1998 died on Thursday. Later, Donald Trump spoke about Glenn during his visit to Ohio on Thursday afternoon. “I met him on two separate occasions. Liked him, always liked him,” he told reporters. “But he was indeed an American hero. ”   Donald Trump has selected retired General John F. Kelly to lead the Department of Homeland Security, according to reports. [The New York Times reports that while Trump hasn’t formally offered the job to Kelly yet, he plans to announce the appointment next week, along with his choice for Secretary of State. Major Garrett at CBS News reports Kelly accepted.  Kelly is the second Marine and third general to join a Trump administration, after retired U. S. Marine Corps General James Mattis and Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn were tapped for Secretary of Defense and national security advisor. Kelly’s career spanned 45 years and at his latest post, he was responsible for the U. S. military in Latin America and the Caribbean before retiring last January. The latest from Counter Jihad shows an alliance between radical leftist groups to cause riots and violence. [The video showcases speaker Khalilah Sabra from the Muslim American Society at a rally, where she encourages her fellow Muslims to start a revolution in America.   “Basically you are the new black people of America,” she said. “That we are the community that staged a revolution across the world. If we can do that, why can’t we have that revolution in America?” She continued by saying, “You know what you should do. And if we do it, Allah has promised us the same victories that he granted to those who came before us. ” But as Counter Jihad pointed out, America already had her revolution “to ensure all Americans could enjoy Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness. ” The House Benghazi Committee’s report confirms that President Obama did not attend his daily intelligence briefing even after the terrorist attack claimed the life of Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans. [From Mediaite:  According to the upcoming report from the House Benghazi Committee, President Barack Obama skipped his personal daily intelligence briefing the day after the 2012 Benghazi attacks. The revelation is buried in one of the appendices to the   report released by the   committee Tuesday. According to the Executive Coordinator tasked with delivering the daily briefings, she first delivered the briefing to White House chief of staff Jack Lew. But instead of giving Obama a briefing, she gave the folder to a White House usher. Read the rest of the story here. David Rovella reports in Bloomberg. com on the resurgence of populist movements across the globe, including most recently in the United States. [From Bloomberg. com:  Republican Donald Trump’s   victory over Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton last week was an unprecedented triumph of populism in the U. S. —  one that leveraged feelings of victimization by a shrinking white majority who blame lost opportunity on U. S. President Barack Obama, the political establishment, wealthier urbanites, and immigration. America is hardly alone in this phenomenon. The forces of globalization and mass immigration from North Africa and Syria into Europe have already triggered a flood of populist rhetoric from the Philippines to Greece to the U. K. and many, many places in between. In the coming months, the wave of populism will take aim at the Netherlands, Austria, Germany and France. What happens after that is anyone’s guess. Read the rest here.  Thursday in Japan at the   meeting, President Barack Obama said world leaders are “rattled” by the presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump because Obama said Trump seems more interested “in getting tweets and headlines instead of actually thinking through what it is that is required to keep America safe. ”  When asked about world leaders reaction to Trump, Obama said, “They are paying very close attention to this election. I think it’s fair to say they are surprised by the Republican nominee They are not sure how seriously to take some of his pronouncements. But they are rattled by it  —   and for good reason. Because a lot of the proposals he has made display either ignorance of world affairs, or a cavalier attitude, or an interest in getting tweets and headlines instead of actually thinking through what it is that is required to keep America safe and secure and prosperous. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Thursday Politico released an audio recording from a private fundraiser last month, in which Sen. John McCain ( ) said that likely presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will jeopardize his reelection bid because of Latino voters’ “anger” with Trump’s policy proposals.  McCain said, “If Donald Trump is at the top of the ticket, here in Arizona, with over 30 percent of the vote being the Hispanic vote, no doubt that this may be the race of my life. ” He added, “If you listen or watch Hispanic media in the state and in the country, you will see that it is all  . The Hispanic community is roused and angry in a way that I’ve never seen in 30 years. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN FBI director James Comey confirmed Wednesday that the FBI has received referrals to investigate Hillary Clinton for allegedly lying under oath to Trey Gowdy’s Select Committee on Benghazi. [Comey made the admission at a U. S. House hearing, where he was grilled over his decision to not recommend indictment for Clinton in the private email server case. Breitbart News has reported on Comey’s financial links to the Clinton Foundation.  Comey said that complaints are “pending” but would not confirm the existence of an investigation.  Bill Clinton sexual harassment accuser Paula Jones is praising Newt Gingrich for taking down Megyn Kelly in their primetime Tuesday night confrontation on Fox News. [Gingrich confronted Kelly for her “bias” in constantly talking about Donald Trump’s alleged sex acts, challenging Kelly to call Bill Clinton a sexual “predator. ” Kelly did not rise to the challenge.  Lets get this straight  …    Megyn Kelly isn’t for all women  …    she hates Trump, so she’s only for those so called victims! NEVER for me!  —   PJGirlie (@ThePaulaJones) October 26, 2016,  Gingrich, who was in the running for vice president on the Trump ticket, took a decisive blow at Kelly, who was reportedly integral in knocking Roger Ailes out of Fox News in favor of increased power by Rupert Murdoch’s sons Lachlan and James.  Paula Jones is the former Arkansas state employee who famously sued Clinton for sexual harassment. Jones received a settlement of $800, 000. During the Saturday broadcast of “AM Joy” on MSNBC, American Urban Radio Networks White House correspondent April Ryan accused GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump and other Republicans who despise Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton of pressuring FBI Director James Comey to reopen the criminal investigation against Clinton.  “Let’s look at the facts. James Comey has been pressured by Donald Trump and by all the other Republicans who intrinsically feel a pure hatred for anything to do with the Clintons or Hillary Clinton. So, that has been out in the public square and debated. And James Comey came back with this to give them something to get off of him,” Ryan said. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  Noam Chomsky tells me on @ajupfront that leftists who didn’t vote for Clinton to block Trump made a ”bad mistake”:pic. twitter.  In an interview with Al Jazeera’s Mehdi Hasan,   scholar Noam Chomsky said progressives who didn’t vote for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton made “a bad mistake” by not recognizing   Donald Trump’s “greater evil. ”  Chomsky said, “I think they are making a bad mistake. First of all there is two issues. One is kind of a moral issue. Do you vote against the greater evil if you don’t happen to like the other candidate? They answer to that is yes, if you have any moral understanding, you want to keep the greater evil out. Second question is a factual question. How do Trump and Clinton compare? And I think they are very different. I didn’t like Clinton at all but her positions are much better than Trump’s on every issue I can think of. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN .@realDonaldTrump, to chants of ”lock her up”: ”Special prosecutor, here we come” https:  .  https:  .  Monday in Ambridge, PA, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump reflected back to his comments in Sunday night’s presidential debate to have a special prosecutor investigate Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton for her use of a private email server while serving as President Barack Obama’s secretary of state, and that she’d “be in jail. ”  Trump said, “Very very sad. Special prosecutor, here we come. Right. I win, we are going to appoint a special prosecutor. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Monday’s “Sean Hannity Show,” GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump said rival candidate Senator Ted Cruz ( ) is “clueless” on trade.  Trump said, “Look, nobody’s going to do what I can do. Nobody’s going to solve trade like I do. Every country in the world is ripping us off. Ted Cruz doesn’t have a clue. He’s clueless. And nobody’s going to be able to do with trade what I can do. Nobody’s going to be able to do it on the border. You know, I have Sheriff Joe of Arizona, who’s endorsing me. Everybody wanted his endorsement. It wasn’t even close he said. He made a speech the other day. He said it wasn’t even close. Nobody knows the border. Nobody understands what to do with the border like I do. Nobody knows what to with illegal immigration. If I didn’t bring up illegal immigration, you wouldn’t even be discussing it now, Sean. ” Follow Breitbart. TV on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Thursday during a segment about the future of black Cincinnati Bengals head coach Marvin Lewis, ESPN’s Stephen A. Smith addressed the white people who call him racist and the black people who call him an Uncle Tom, telling them he “doesn’t give a damn. ”  “White folks, some white folks, not most, not all, but some white folks call me racist. And some black folks call me an Uncle Tom. I don’t give a damn about either side. I’m a   individual,” he said on ESPN2’s “First Take. ” While Smith advocates the hiring of more black head coaches in the NFL, he indicated that Lewis’ tenure Bengals should be coming to an end. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  From Andrew Mayeda writing at Bloomberg:  Donald Trump will propose one of the biggest tax cuts since the days of Ronald Reagan in a new economic blueprint to be unveiled next week, according to an adviser to the Republican presidential candidate. Trump will reiterate his plan to cut the corporate tax rate to 15 percent, Heritage Foundation chief economist Stephen Moore said Friday in an interview with Bloomberg Television. At the same time, Trump has managed to whittle down the cost in terms of lost tax revenue by about   to $3 trillion, he said, without specifying a timeline. “If you’re a   American, there’s no question that an agenda that cuts taxes, that gets rids of regulations, redoes some of these trade deals in ways that are   is going to help,” said Moore, who was named Friday to Trump’s team of economic advisers. Other members include financiers John Paulson and Andy Beal and economists David Malpass and Peter Navarro. Read the rest of the story at Bloomberg. On Thursday’s “First Take” on ESPN2, ESPN’s Marly Rivera responded to former Notre Dame coach Lou Holtz comments at the Republican National Convention where he called the high number of immigrants an “invasion” and said immigrants should learn and speak English.  According to Rivera, immigrants have their own cultures and Holtz has to respect them. She said, “I have an accent. My first language is Spanish. I try, I am trying to help your culture, but I still have my culture. You have to respect it. I am not going to give up everything that makes me me just because you don’t like it. That’s the only reason. It’s not like I’m not enriching America, it’s not that I’m not a contributing member of society, it’s not because I haven’t spoken English, it’s because you don’t like me being here. That’s the bottom line. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent From David E. Sanger and Maggie Haberman writing in the New York Times:  Read the full article here. Ynetnews reports:  In almost every study conducted by researchers looking into incitement in Palestinian textbooks, materials have been found which breach the Palestinian Authority’s pledges to halt   incitement in schools. Researchers have been surveying Palestinian school textbooks frequently over the past few decades to see if they have inciting material, such as the   of Israel as a sovereign state or the glorification of terror attacks and terrorists. The schools researched in the various surveys are all public schools under the control of the Palestinian Authority and the Palestinian Ministry of Education. Read the full story. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton invoked the “cone of friendship silence” when she was asked about the most meaningful conversation she’s had with a black friend. [The question was asked by ESPN’s Kevin Merida during Clinton’s appearance at the National Association of Black Journalists on Friday.  Clinton invoked the names of many of her African American women friends on her campaign, including one of her best friends in college, but did not answer the question. “Oh my gosh, well I could tell you that I am blessed to have a crew of great friends,” she said. Clinton said that her back friends had both chastised her in conversations and even “tried to expand my musical tastes. ” “I’m going to respect the cone of friendship silence, but please know I’ve got a lot of great friends who have given me so much more,” she said. Michael Isikoff at Yahoo writes that Hillary Clinton’s campaign declined a request from the FBI to provide information on potential cyberattacks. [advertisement WASHINGTON (AP)  —   Voters will “rise up” in opposition if Republican power brokers try to take the presidential nomination away from Donald Trump or Ted Cruz at the GOP convention this summer, Sarah Palin said Thursday in a   interview. [advertisement advertisement Police arrested two women on child endangerment charges after a video of them blowing pot smoke into a toddler’s face went viral. [The shocking video shows two women laughing and teasing the child before they pass the marijuana joint to others in the room.   One woman repeatedly blows smoke into the child’s face as the child turns away. Another woman says to the child, “No more getting high? He’s all blazing it. ” The video was shot on the Fort Hall Indian Reservation in Idaho and posted on Facebook during the weekend, East Idaho News reports. Before the video was removed Monday, it was shared multiple times, with comments expressing concern for the child’s safety. Authorities have booked the two women into the Fort Hall Jail on child endangerment charges but have not released their names, KXAN reports. KPVI reports that police are in the process of obtaining arrest warrants for the other two people in the room. Republican businessman Donald Trump’s election to the presidency has sparked a cloud of assassination fantasies on Twitter.  so who’s going to assassinate Trump at his inauguration?  —   Kaï (@MalakaiSargeant) November 9, 2016,  I just pray that the first nigga who tries to assassinate Donald Trump don’t miss,  —   Greg (@BankRolllGreg) November 9, 2016,  Wow Trump’s only been   for 2 days and people already want to assassinate him  …    .  —   Logan Alex Wigington (@Darkshot153) November 10, 2016,  Trump ain’t president ’til inauguration day lmao you guys still have time to assassinate BOTH Trump and Pence.  —   eeious (@kazzandrabalona) November 9, 2016,  Republican voters say the top priorities for   Donald Trump include repealing Obamacare and combating the Islamic State (ISIS) according to a   Day   Consult poll. [The poll, conducted Nov. 9 and Nov. 10 with 1, 789 registered voters, reveals 74 percent of Republican voters say repealing Obamacare is a top issue.   percent of Republican voters believe that combating ISIS was a top issue.    percent of GOP voters think reducing federal spending was a top issue, while 54 percent suggest tax reform should be a top priority. During Trump’s presidential campaign, he promised to renegotiate trade deals and build a wall along the southern border.   percent of GOP voters say renegotiating trade deals should be a top priority in a Trump administration, while 30 percent say building the wall is the top priority. The results have a two point margin of error. Supporters of Senator Bernie Sanders  —   who last night won four primary states against Hillary Clinton’s seven  —   have rallied in London to show their support and draw attention to absentee voting. [Sen. Sanders’s supporters took to Parliament Square to express their support for the      Democrat politician.  Recently, Sen. Sanders’s followers were spotted in London’s Borough Market approaching people with American accents, asking them if they needed absentee ballots for the Democratic primaries. The model is a far cry from Hillary Clinton’s   activities, which include £   celebrity fundraising dinners at lavish West London homes. PICTURES: During Sunday’s “Cats Roundtable” on New York AM 970, Donald Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway talked about the Republican presidential nominee’s upcoming debate with Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.  According to Conway, Trump is preparing “every day” for the debate. She also said he will be “respectful” towards Clinton during the debates. “Mr. Trump is really preparing for the debate every day,” Conway told host John Catsimatidis. “He is the most authentic person to run for president in a very long time, so, stylistically, that’s not going to change. ” “We know before we even enter the debate forum the odds are stacked against us,” she continued. “When Sec. Clinton delivers her response, he will be respectful. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Tuesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” host Joe Scarborough warned Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton against ceding Iowa and New Hampshire to Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) who has shown strength in the polls against Clinton.  “I mean listen, she can’t afford to lose Iowa and New Hampshire  ” Scarborough said. “Those polls are very close right now. We’ll see what happens. People can talk about South Carolina and how things go. It sounds a lot like Rudy Giuliani’s Florida strategy. You can’t get embarrassed if you’re the massive presumed   a year out  —   you can’t lose in Iowa and New Hampshire to a guy who is a socialist from Burlington, VT. ” (  WFB) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Saturday on MSNBC’s “Melissa ” Ebony. com Senior Editor Jamilah Lemieux reacted to the fear illegal immigrants have in Flint, MI to ask for help during the water crisis because of possibly being deported.  According to Lemieux, Republicans have said they do not want to allow Muslims in the country, therefore they have no problem deporting anybody with brown skin. “You know what is one of the most terrifying moments for me is the possibility that a Republican could become the next president and that this precedent has been set by a Democrat  —   that we can come into your house at 4:00 or 5:00 in the morning while you’re asleep, take you and your family away so if a Democrat is doing that, what happens next when we have candidates that have said, ‘I’m not letting Muslims in, and I have no problem putting all of you brown people out. ’” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Hillary Clinton was counting on young voters being excited about the prospect of voting for a historic “first,” meaning the first woman president. It looks as though young Democrats are more enamored with the idea of voting for the historic first 278   socialist.   —   NBC EXIT POLL: 83% of Democratic Primary Voters under 30 voted for Sanders #Decision2016,  —   Ed Demaria (@Eddie_Dynamite) February 9, 2016,  —   Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                 The Seattle Mariners came back from a   deficit to shock the San Diego Padres at home Thursday night. [“I knew going in if I could hold ’em to 12,” Mariners starter Wad Miley quipped after the game, “we had a chance. ”  Down   in the sixth, the Mariners went to work. Kyle Saeger hit a   double in the inning before Dae Ho Lee belted a   homer to cut the lead in half. In the seventh, the Padres chipped away in workmanlike fashion by unleashing eight runs on seven singles with two outs in the inning. They took a   lead after trailing by ten the previous inning. The Padres added a run in the bottom of the seventh. That’s where the scoring stopped, giving Seattle an improbable   road win. “You don’t see that very often, all the   singles, seven in a row?” Saeger told reporters. “That doesn’t happen. That was just an unbelievable experience and something I’ve never been a part of. ” Author Rebecca Traister argued, “In the United States, white manhood is humanity, and everything else is kind of a separate category” on Thursday’s “CNN Newsroom. ”  Traister was asked, “You know, we usually hear labels put on women  …    you never hear labels being applied to male voters, why is that?” She answered, “Well, because male voters are just voters, right? In the United States, white manhood is humanity, and everything else is kind of a separate category. ” (  NewsBusters) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett .@TuckerCarlson: Pres. Obama has clearly taken a side, and it’s not the side of law enforcementhttps:  .  Monday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” network regular and Daily Caller editor Tucker Carlson pointed out that President Barack Obama isn’t taking the side of the police, but instead the detractors of law enforcement who are accusing police of racism.  “They’re taking a really clear stand for this group against the police,” Carlson said. “Not just a specific police department or a specific cop, but all police  —   accusing all police of racism. Now I’m not blaming the president or any of those people for this shooting. But clearly, they’ve taken a side and it’s not the side of law enforcement. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Saturday on MSNBC, political analyst Elise Jordan reacted to presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump labeling Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton an enabler for how she treated former President Bill Clinton’s victims.  Jordan said Trump should tone down labeling Hillary Clinton as an enabler, reasoning that “she was essentially a victim, too. ” “I think it’s a mistake because [Donald Trump]’s going to end up engendering sympathy for Hillary Clinton down the road. Just because of all the people in this, aside from the women, she was essentially a victim, too,” Jordan stated. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,”   Joe Scarborough said former President Bill Clinton was “‘trying to destroy his wife’s campaign” by criticizing ObamaCare while campaigning for his wife Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.  Scarborough said, “Everybody has known, I mean, he certainly has told people close he does not like Barack Obama. He has never liked Barack Obama. But you think he could keep it inside here until after the election. ” When Bloomberg’s Mark Halperin said the Clinton campaign was “lucky it wasn’t worse,” Scarborough retorted, “How can it be worse? What, tear up a picture of the pope or Barack Obama? Like how could it be worse?” Before introducing a clip of Bill Clinton calling ObamaCare “the craziest thing in the world,” Scarborough said, “Here is Bill Clinton trying to destroy his wife’s campaign. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Monday’s “MSNBC Live,” former Gov. Howard Dean ( ) reacted to the GOP’s Donald Trump using “racist symbolism” online, calling him racist, but not  .  “I am reasonably sure that Donald Trump himself is not an  . It’s hard to do that and be a successful  —   well, I’m not sure how successful he is, but be a businessman in New York,” Dean stated. “It was definitely   because it came from a   racist organization. I do think Donald Trump is   Hispanics,   even   and certainly he didn’t mind taking advantage of the disabled community. So I mean, he is a dog whistler. No question he’s a racist. An   maybe not. ” Host Craig Melvin then asked if someone was racist, would that not also “by definition” mean that person is an   which Dean responded “maybe. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Starting as a   mod, The Center is being added to ARK: Survival Evolved as an official new map. A Morning Consult analysis suggests that GOP presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson could benefit the most from former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee’s supporters. [Huckabee suspended his campaign late Monday night.    percent of Huckabee’s supporters had Carson as their second pick, according to the analysis. Eighteen percent of Huckabee’s supporters chose Donald Trump as their second choice. Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush racked up nine percent, while Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) racked up six percent as second choice from Huckabee’s supporters. Huckabee  —   the 2008 winner of the Iowa caucus  —   suspended his campaign after failing to place well in the Iowa caucus on Monday night. The analysis was derived from four national polls conducted last month. Morning Consult asked 5, 456 GOP and Independent voters  —   143 of which were for Huckabee  —   to provide their first and second choice for the Republican nomination. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said Monday that her New Year’s Resolution prevents her from answering questions about her foreign policy. [Clinton, who voted for President George W. Bush’s disastrous and destabilizing invasion of Iraq, appeared in New Hampshire to tell a concerned voter that she will not answer to Donald Trump’s assertion that she helped to create ISIS.  “I’ve adopted a New Year’s Resolution,” Clinton said. “I’m going to let him live in his alternative reality and I’m not going to respond. ” OO. ready( function()  ) }) Anderson Cooper and Martha Raddatz will start off Sunday night’s presidential debate with a question to Hillary Clinton about a videotape of Donald Trump speaking coarsely about women. [From CNN:  The first set of questions at Sunday night’s presidential debate will be about Donald Trump’s vulgar comments on a newly published 2005 videotape, and the fallout from it. And Hillary Clinton will get the first question. Moderators Anderson Cooper of CNN and Martha Raddatz of ABC have adjusted their plan for the debate in light of the Trump tape, sources told CNNMoney. While everything is subject to change until air time, an ABC source said  —   perhaps confirming the obvious  —   that Trump and Clinton will both be prompted to address the matter. A coin toss by the Commission on Presidential Debates determined that Clinton will speak first. Read the rest of the story here.   In the past year, he traveled to Turkey and may have tried to sneak into Syria, where ISIS is recruiting and inspiring sympathizers from across the world, sources said.   …     During the Saturday stabbing, Farooqui allegedly injured a man and woman at an apartment complex in Roanoke, yelling “Allah Akbar” as he attacked them with a knife, sources told ABC News. Authorities believe he may have been trying to behead the male victim, who was likely picked at random, ABC News was told. Read the rest of the story here. ***** According to the Daily Mail, Farooqui is a U. S.  citizen. His alleged, vicious attack caused his two victims to suffer “permanent impairment,” jail records stated. This article was originally published by the Hollywood Reporter: Having won an Oscar, I’m safe. Otherwise, I suppose I would have had to get my agent at CAA to write a letter assuring the Academy that even though I haven’t produced a film in the past 10 years, there are three scripts on his desk he has not yet been able to set up, thus indicating activity in the past 10 years. That is, unless you can count the short film I directed, which made it into several festivals, or the web series I directed, which was nominated for a Producers Guild Award. Or do the 15 years I’ve watched an average of 100 documentaries a year, as a volunteer member of the Academy and later a member of the documentary branch, qualify as involvement in the Industry? Read the rest of the article here. Per a Fox 8 report, a    South Carolina boy is facing assault charges after school bus video shows him using another student’s hand to slap a    girl last week.  According to police, Tavon Walters was riding the bus from school to an   program when the incident occurred. He can be seen in the video grabbing a student’s hand and using it to hit Jazmyn Peters in the face. “He had reached over that seat and telling another girl if you don’t hit her then I’m going to hit her for you,” Jazmyn’s father Terry Peters said. Walters, who is reportedly on probation for his previous history of violence, turned himself in on Tuesday and was given a $1, 000 bond. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo advertisement BURLINGAME, California  —   GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is speaking out against protesters burning the American flag and waving the Mexican flag in California. [Trump tweets:  Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First  —   so do voters!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 2, 2016,  Orange, California based photographer Jimmy Camp captured photos of the protesters in Burlingame, California burning an American flag.     The protesters gathered to oppose Trump, who was scheduled to speak at the California GOP Convention on Friday afternoon. Protesters also gathered the night before in Costa Mesa, California where Trump held a campaign rally. Camp told Breitbart News some of the protesters were from progressive groups such as Free the Nipple and Code Pink. 2016 Presidential Race, Big Government, Breitbart California, American Flag, California, Donald Trump, Protesters Iran’s supreme leader said the Islamic republic must stand strong against Washington on the region’s conflicts, in an address Sunday to commanders of the elite Republican Guards force. [advertisement Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” while discussing the popularity of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump liberal filmmaker Michael Moore said angry voters “see Donald Trump as their human Molotov cocktail, that they get to go into the voting booth on November 8th and throw him into a political system. ”  Moore said, “Yes, which I don’t want him to win. Let’s make that clear. I’ve been trying to say for months here, I live in Michigan. Across the Midwest, across the rust belt, I understand why a lot of people are angry. They see Donald Trump as their human Molotov cocktail, that they get to go into the voting booth on November 8th and throw him into a political system that has made their lives miserable miserable. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Pharrell Williams has defied critics from the   Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement and announced a   concert for Tel Aviv this summer. [The man who gave his signature tunes to the film hit Despicable Me and picked up multiple Grammy awards for his solo work will perform at Rishon Live Park, near Tel Aviv, on July 26, 2016. The video below has been released ahead of the gig:   Promoters promise that he will perform songs from every phase of his career, which began in the early 1990s with the group the Neptunes. The concert shows that Williams will not be deterred by BDS activists who just last year sent him  an open letter following talk at the time that he would be performing in Tel Aviv, saying that he seems “to be indifferent to the suffering of Palestinian children, who are denied the most basic human rights by Israel. ” Tuesday on Newsmax TV’s “The Joe Pags Show,” while discussing   Donald Trump naming ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson as his secretary of state,  Trump’s transition team senior adviser Kellyanne Conway said Tillerson will implement the American first Trump doctrine.  Conway said, “This is just someone who is a Trumpian kind of pick if you will. He is somebody who Donald Trump told me just today when he met Rex Tillerson he saw him as somebody who is incredibly experienced. They clicked as fellow successful businessmen. And he thinks he brings an entire different dimension. What people want to dismiss as a liability is actually an asset.  The ability to go and advance US interests, our sovereignty, our security and our stealth around the globe. Implementing the Trump doctrine which of course is an American first doctrine around the globe. And that is what the secretary of state will do. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN BORDEN, Ind. (AP)  —   Donald Trump says an extraordinary collaboration between Ted Cruz and John Kasich aimed at unifying the   vote in some remaining primaries is a desperate move by “mathematically dead” rivals. [advertisement ST. LOUIS (AP)  —   Over the months, Hillary Clinton misstated key facts about her use of private email and her own server for her work as secretary of state, the department’s inspector general reported this week. [advertisement Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos rallied with hundreds of Trump supporters in Cleveland on Monday during a Citizens for Trump rally.  Watch his full speech below: The event was covered by Vanity Fair and Wired.   The Times of Israel reports: A senior minister from the ruling Likud party charged on Tuesday that an upcoming, highly anticipated speech by US Secretary of State John Kerry on the   conflict was “pathetic” and set to ensure that any chances for peace would be driven further way. [In a scathingly worded statement sent to the press, Strategic Affairs Minister Gilad Erdan lambasted Kerry’s planned address on Wednesday, saying it was “pathetic to present a formula to end the conflict at the last moment, when during [his] whole term, [he] couldn’t budge a thing (except for a   conference in Paris),” a reference to the upcoming peace summit in the French capital on January 15, which Israel has refused to attend, arguing that only bilateral negotiations will lead to a peace accord.  Read more here. Sony Pictures has released the international trailer for the upcoming   Ghostbusters reboot. [The film stars Kristen Wiig and Melissa McCarthy as scientists Erin Gilbert and Abby Yates, according to ComingSoon. net. The pair then teams up with nuclear engineer Jillian Holtzmann (Kate McKinnon) and Patty Tolan (Leslie Jones) to take on the paranormal.  The film also features Chris Hemsworth, Andy Garcia, and Michael K. Williams. Additionally, original cast members Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Ernie Hudson, Sigourney Weaver, and Annie Potts will have cameos in the reboot. Hudson, who played the role of Winston in the original films, initially criticized the   sequel in 2014. After taking heat online, the actor later described the cast as “phenomenal. ” Ghostbusters will debut on Jul. 15. On Tuesday at 7 p. m. ET,   Donald Trump will pay a visit to Fayetteville, NC’s Crown Coliseum as part of his  USA Thank You Tour 2016.  Video courtesy of Right Side Broadcasting Network, Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Warner Bros. released the first teaser trailer for Christopher Nolan’s   World War II drama Dunkirk on Thursday, after a pirated, incomplete copy leaked online earlier in the day. [While plot details are scarce, the film reportedly focuses on the 1940 evacuation of British soldiers from the seaport of Dunkirk in Northern France in 1940, which saw more than 300, 000 British and Allied soldiers move out as the German army invaded and strengthened its grip on France.  The trailer is short and sparse and features none of the principal cast members, save for Cillian Murphy in a brief shot at the end, huddled along with other Allied soldiers as an air raid siren sounds overhead. The films stars Murphy, Tom Hardy, Kenneth Branagh, Mark Rylance, James D’Arcy and One Direction alum Harry Styles. Christopher Nolan (Interstellar, Dark Knight trilogy) wrote and directed the project. Dunkirk is in theaters July 21, 2017.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum,   In an effort to increase campus inclusivity, administrators at Champlain College in Vermont distributed gender pronoun pins to incoming freshman to establish the wearer’s preferred gender pronouns. [advertisement On this weekend’s broadcast of on “Fox News Sunday,” Associated Press White House correspondent Julie Pace said President Barack Obama and   Donald Trump were “speaking on a somewhat regular basis” and she added Trump was trying to get guidance from Obama.  Pace said, “I think the most important thing that’s happening at the White house right now is what’s going on behind the scenes in terms of Obama’s conversations with Trump. I am told they are speaking on a somewhat regular basis and that the   is asking very real questions, actually trying to get some guidance from President Obama. I think the White House sees this as an opportunity to try to preserve some of what’s in place right now, try to make their sales pitch to the   before he ends up in the White House. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Matt Lauer, once listed as a member of the Clinton Global Initiative, will moderate the first joint public appearance from Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. [The Clinton Global Initiative, one chapter of the   Clinton Foundation, listed Lauer as a “notable member” just years ago. NBC’s press release does not disclose this fact.  From NBC: “TODAY”   Matt Lauer will moderate the      Forum on Wednesday, September 7, presented by NBC News and MSNBC with the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America. During this   forum live from the Intrepid Sea, Air  Space Museum in New York City, both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump will be on stage    taking questions on national security, military affairs and veterans issues from NBC News and an audience comprised mainly of military veterans and active service members. Read the rest of the story here. Watch a video for the event here. The Times of Israel reports:  Israel on Friday night returned to the Palestinian Authority the bodies of two terrorists, one belonging to a West Bank man who killed an American tourist during a stabbing spree in Jaffa two months ago. Bashar Massalha, 22, from Qalqilya, murdered US citizen Taylor Force and injured 10 others in a rampage along the Jaffa boardwalk on March 8. He was killed by security forces at the scene of the attack, which coincided with a visit by US Vice President Joe Biden, who was meeting with Shimon Peres minutes away from the scene. Read the full story here. Force was an American Army veteran who served in Iraq and Afghanistan. Jaffa is a twin municipality with Tel Aviv. Force was stabbed on the Tel   border.   When host Stephen K. Bannon asked Breitbart Daily News caller Ralph from Colorado to choose between even a weak Constitutionalist versus an authoritarian figure for president, even if he felt he authoritarian would do what needed to be done to put the American ship of state right in his view, the caller said he would go with the Constitutionalist every time. [“I don’t want a ruler. Even if he’s a good ruler,” he said.  Calling himself a “free man,” the caller said going with an authoritarian means “we are at the mercy of whoever is in that ruling position. You might have a good ruler for eight years and then you hand it again to someone like Obama, or Bush, who I wasn’t terribly happy with either. You have to get back to the Constitution. That’s the only thing that made this country what it is today. ” The caller seemed to be making a forceful argument for the Constitutionalist, Cruz, over businessman and front runner Donald Trump. The brief interview can be heard below:   Sunday on ABC’s “This Week” while discussing Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s Friday night comments describing half of Republican nominee Donald Trump’s supporters as “deplorables” driven by  “racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic” beliefs, Rep. Marsha Blackburn ( ) said it was indicative of what she thought about people in “  country. ”  Blackburn said, “This is what  —   this is what is in her heart of hearts, this is what she thinks about people that are out there in   country, if you will. And that is why these 50 state polls are so important. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Saturday night, Republican presidential   Donald Trump will be holding a rally in Biloxi, MS.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Sunday on New York AM 970 radio’s “The Cats Roundtable,” former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani slammed President Barack Obama in an interview with John Catsimatidis, saying the president has a “lackadaisical attitude” when it comes to dealing with terrorism.  “I think we’re going to see a more peaceful world because we’ll have a president who’s going to put his foot down with regard to this radical Islamic terrorism that’s going on,” Giuliani predicted of Obama’s successor, Donald Trump. “The goal of the United Stats of America has to be to wipe out radical Islamic terrorism, and that’s so different than we experienced for the last eight years when we made believe it didn’t exist. ” He added, “The president  —   the kindest thing I can say is he has a lackadaisical attitude about [terrorism]. He refuses to say ‘radical Islamic terrorism.’ He treats it like these are at worst individual criminal acts  …    ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Donald Trump’s campaign has confirmed that Sarah Palin is endorsing him at an Iowa rally today. [From the New York Times:  Sarah Palin, the former Alaska governor and 2008   nominee who became a Tea Party sensation and a favorite of   conservatives, will endorse Donald J. Trump in Iowa on Tuesday, officials with his campaign confirmed. The endorsement provides Mr. Trump with a potentially significant boost just 13 days before the state’s caucuses. “I’m proud to endorse Donald J. Trump for president,” Ms. Palin said in a statement provided by his campaign. Her support is the   backing for a Republican contender so far. “I am greatly honored to receive Sarah’s endorsement,” Mr. Trump said in a statement trumpeting Mrs. Palin’s decision. “She is a friend, and a   person whom I have great respect for. I am proud to have her support. ” Read the rest of the story here. MLB Commissioner Rob Manfred wants to add. San Diego Padres hitting coach Mark McGwire says he prefers to subtract. [The former Oakland A’s and St. Louis Cardinals slugger endorses the idea of contracting rather than expanding MLB. McGwire sees 28 teams as the ideal number, which last acted as baseball’s count of clubs the season before Big Mac hit 70 home runs in 1998. advertisement DALLAS, TX (AP)  —   Republican Gov. Greg Abbott of Texas sustained “extensive   and   burns” on both legs below the knees and on both feet and could miss next week’s Republican National Convention. [Spokesman Matt Hirsch said Sunday that Abbott was in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, on Thursday when he was scalded in an accident involving hot water. He didn’t provide further details.  Hours later, a Dallas gunman killed five police officers. Abbott held a press conference in Dallas on Friday, but didn’t disclose being burned. Hirsch says Abbott’s legs were wrapped but covered by pants. Abbott has used a wheelchair since a tree fell on him while jogging in 1984, paralyzing him below the waist. Abbott is heading Texas’ delegation to the Republican convention in Cleveland. But Hirsch said his attendance is now “  . ” Sen. Ted Cruz honored former First Lady Nancy Reagan on Twitter Sunday and offered prayers to her family. [“Nancy Reagan will be remembered for her deep passion for this nation and love for her husband, Ronald,” Cruz tweeted after news broke of her passing. “The Reagan family is in our prayers. ”  Nancy Reagan will be remembered for her deep passion for this nation and love for her husband, Ronald. The Reagan family is in our prayers.  —   Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) March 6, 2016,  According to the AP, the    “former first lady died Sunday at her home in the   section of Los Angeles of congestive heart failure, assistant Allison Borio told The Associated Press. ” From coin tosses to   Hillary Clinton cannot stop beating Bernie Sanders when luck takes the place of voters. To break tied precincts in the Iowa Caucus a few weeks ago, Hillary won every coin toss  —   6 out of 6  —   the odds of which are less than 2%. In Nevada’s caucus  today, Democrats played a game of   card to determine a tie. And   Hillary just won with an ace to Bernie’s 6 in the precinct of Pahrump, Nevada.  Wall Street Journal: The 30 voters in Precinct 10 at Morse Elementary School split even, 15 to 15. Per state Democratic Party rules, the precinct chairwoman, Peggy Rhoades, produced the sealed deck of cards she was provided to break the tie and award the fifth available delegate to the candidate with the high card. Hillary Clinton is now 7 for 7. What are the odds?     Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                 Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are statistically tied in the battleground state of Nevada, according to a new   poll published Saturday.[  percent of Nevada voters who were surveyed said they support Clinton while 44 percent back Trump. Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson received five percent in the poll.  The survey, conducted by Bendixen  Amandi International and commissioned by the Las Vegas   questioned 800 voters from Sept. 27 to Sept. 29 and has a plus or minus 3. 5 percent margin of error. Because Clinton is leading Trump by one point within the margin of error, the two candidates are statistically tied. The Real Clear Politics polling average reveals Trump leading Clinton by less than one point in Nevada, 0. 2 percent. Pollster and strategist Pat Caddell told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam he found   Donald Trump’s selection of South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley as his ambassador to the United Nations to be a “surprise,” adding that “she is a talented woman   …     and certainly one of the stars of the Republican Party. ”[“Obviously, Trump is willing to overlook her opposition to him,” he added, “and that’s a good sign. ”  Caddell, a South Carolina resident, praised Haley’s handling of a number of issues throughout the years. “She made an incredible impression when we had the shooting at the church,” said Caddell, in reference to the 2015 Dylann Roof shooting. “She’s quite articulate, she’s smart, and I think she’d do a good job,” he concluded. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN:  (Reuters)  —   Facebook Inc (FB. O) began a   campaign on Monday to thwart extremist posts on social media, after German politicians in particular raised concerns about a rise in xenophobic comments linked to an influx of refugees. [The U. S.  group launched its “Initiative for Civil Courage Online” in Berlin, pledging over 1 million euros ($1. 09 million) to support   organizations in their efforts to counter racist and xenophobic posts.  Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg said hate speech “has no place in our society” including in the Internet. Facebook’s ground rules forbid bullying, harassment and threatening language, but critics say it does not enforce them properly. Read the rest of the story at Reuters. From the Daily Mail: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced on Sunday he will support a bill limiting the volume of calls emanating from houses of worship, legislation that will impact mosques known to blast calls to prayer and Islamic services. [AFP further reported: Netanyahu, who spoke as a ministerial committee was to discuss the draft bill later in the day, said he would support such a move that some have labelled unnecessarily divisive. Israeli media reported that the bill would stop the use of public address systems for calls to prayer. “I cannot count the times  —   they are simply too numerous  —   that citizens have turned to me from all parts of Israeli society, from all religions, with complaints about the noise and suffering caused them by the excessive noise coming to them from the public address systems of houses of prayer,” Netanyahu said at the start of a cabinet meeting. While the draft bill applies to all houses of worship, it is seen as specifically targeting mosques.  From the Daily Express:[A Somali national living in London has told his MP he “massively regrets” bringing his children over from   Somalia (pictured) saying the streets of the capital are “too dangerous. ” Over the last few years the East African nation has inched towards stability, but insurgents from Al Qaeda affiliate   are said to still control large swathes of the country. A    boy in Sri Lanka allegedly hacked the website of the country’s president in order to demand a change to his exam schedule and has been arrested, the BBC reports. [The hack was reportedly carried out last week after the boy became frustrated with Sri Lanka’s exam schedule, with exams being held in April during both the Sinhala and Tamil New Year celebrations.  Using the pseudonym of the hacking group “The Sri Lanka Youth,” he allegedly demanded that, as well as the exams being rescheduled, president Maithripala Sirisena should “take care of the security of Sri Lankan websites or face a cyber war. ” He also warned the president to “stop the prime minister’s irresponsible work and look more into the problems of the university students. ” You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at ben@yiannopoulos. net MOSCOW (AP)  —   Russian President Vladimir Putin has ordered a new   commission to be created to shape Russia’s future strategy, as the country faces possible exclusion from the Rio Olympics. [Putin tells a meeting of Russia’s cabinet that the commission will provide “rapid development and tough control for the effective realization of a national plan on the fight against doping. ”  Putin proposed    Vitaly Smirnov, an honorary International Olympic Committee member and a veteran of Russian and Soviet sports administration, to lead the commission. Putin said Smirnov has an “absolutely unimpeachable reputation” and “the trust and respect of the Olympic family. ” It was not immediately clear if this was the same commission proposed on Thursday by Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko to consider a WADA report alleging   doping and   in Russia. Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” when asked about Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on Saturday in Gettysburg, PA promising to sue the women who have alleged sexual misconduct against him, his son Eric Trump responded by saying his father was a “great fighter. ”  Eric Trump said, “My father’s a guy who will fight. He’ll fight for this country and he’s always fought for himself. And quite frankly through out this whole process he has needed to fight for himself. And he believes in a right and a wrong, and when he feels that there’s injustice, I think you should stand up to ourselves. And quite frankly we wouldn’t have he problems that we have in this nation right now if somebody did a better job, if our politicians did a better job standing up for our country. And he stands up for himself. He’s a fighter. That’s who my father is and quite frankly, he’s a great fighter and he believes in calling out right and wrong. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN President Barack Obama says he’s being “forced out” of the Oval Office, not quitting, as he faces the end of his presidency. [Obama was asked about the future of his golf game by the Golf Channel’s David Feherty in an interview that took place just before he played his 300th game as president.  “I’m not a hack, but I’m not quitting my day job,” he explained. “Actually you are quitting your day job fairly shortly,” Feherty pointed out. “Well then I may get good,” Obama replied grinning, before adding, “I’m being forced out, I didn’t quit. ” Obama says he’s being ”forced out” of the presidency, not quitting  &gt pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) August 8, 2016,  Obama says he has a golf handicap of 13, calling his irons “good,” his drive “straight but unimpressive in length,” his putting “decent,” his chipping, “ok,” but adding his sand game as “terrible. ” “I think at this point it must be psychological,” Obama said. From Anton Nilsson writing at the Daily Mail: advertisement Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump demands that likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton go to jail and suggested that if he is president, the attorney general will investigate Clinton. [“I will say this, Hillary Clinton has got to go to jail,” Trump told his supporters at a campaign rally in San Jose, California, referencing Clinton’s email scandal where she used a private server while secretary of state. “Folks, honestly, she’s guilty as hell. ”  Trump suggested that if he is president his attorney general would seek justice and investigate Clinton. “Five years’ statute of limitations, if I win. Everything is going to be fair but I’m sure the attorney general will take a very good look at it,” Trump told his supporters. Attendees at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio may have noticed that Snapchat has a special new “protest cam” filter enabled in the area. [It is unknown as to whether Snapchat will have a similar special filter for the Democratic National Convention, or whether it is just another instance of Silicon Valley   bias, but Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos decided to take the opportunity to try the filter out.   To keep up to date with Breitbart’s coverage of the Republican National Convention, make sure you watch our live show here. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook. Donald Trump is leading Hillary Clinton nationally by five points, according to the latest Rasmussen poll. [The results found Trump has 44 percent support, while Clinton has 39 percent.  Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson took eight percent in the poll, while Green Party candidate Jill Green raked in two percent. Trump’s lead increased three points from the previous poll, which had him up two points over Clinton. The poll questioned 1, 000 likely voters Sept.   and has a margin of error of plus or minus three points. The new Rasmussen reports tracking poll shows that Donald Trump is now leading Hillary Clinton by two points. [Trump is earning 43 percent support in the poll, while Clinton is earning 41 percent. Five percent support Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson and Green Party nominee Jill Stein is earning three percent.  Yesterday, Trump was ahead by three points, according to the poll. The survey of 1, 500 likely voters was conducted on October   2016 by Rasmussen Reports. The margin of sampling error is +   2. 5 percentage points. According to NBC News White House Correspondent Kristen Welker, the United Kingdom’s vote to separate from the E. U. has made Democrats “jittery. ”  She said Saturday on MSNBC of Brexit, “There’s no doubt that this is making Democrats jittery to some extent. For example, if the economy here starts to stall, that could make voters more likely to choose Donald Trump, a Republican candidate, and, of course, there’s concerns that what happened in Europe underscores that there is a stronger than expected populous sentiment here in the U. S. Secretary Clinton trying to reach out to the populous in her own party. Of course, Senator [Bernie] Sanders still technically in the race. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent The Jewish Press reports:  The previously secret emails of former U. S. secretary of state and current favorite to be the Democratic contender for the U. S. president Hillary Rodham Clinton are a bonanza for those seeking to discern her   face and those of her closest advisers with respect to Israel. [With more than 30, 000 emails released, drip, drip, drip since December, 2014, there’s a lot to plow through.  But one omnipresent correspondent of Clinton’s, her former advisor Sidney Blumenthal, stands out as he harps away at two issues close to his heart: one, Israel, the object of deep hostility, and the other, his son Max, a source of immense pride. That one’s son is a source of pride to a father is neither surprising nor shameful. But most of what Blumenthal promotes about his son Max is the   fusillade of hate screeds written by the son in frequently obscure outlets which are directed at the other Blumenthal obsession: Israel. Read more here Fabiola Santiago writes at the Miami Herald what the death of dictator Fidel Castro means for many   who have taken refuge in the United States from his brutal regime:  I was born the same year the Cuban Revolution triumphed. I was 10 years old when I left Cuba on a Freedom Flight in 1969 with parents who paid dearly for my freedom and future. I’m a grandmother now. That’s how long Fidel Castro has maintained his grip on Cuba, first as   despot, then after he ceded the throne to his brother, as symbol. This is an iconic moment. Generations of Cubans,   and our children in Miami, capital of exiles, are celebrating his physical erasure with an ardor reserved for World Series and NBA titles. Behold this hashtag on social media: #myabuelitosarehavingapartyinheaven. Don’t judge us harshly. Give us this moment. Our exile is his doing. There’s no RIP from us for the embodiment of evil in our collective and personal histories. Read the rest of the story at the Miami Herald. NBC’s “Saturday Night Live” offered up a new   presidential candidate for conservatives to choose instead of GOP nominee Donald Trump.  The alternative ended up being Dick Patterson, a successful businessman who worked for former President Ronald Reagan in the 1980s and acted like a big  . Drake, playing an assistant to Taran Killam’s House Speaker Paul Ryan, touted Patterson as having hands that “are much bigger and stronger than Trump’s. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Monday during a rally at Mohegan Sun Arena in Pennsylvania, GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump invited a young child to join him on stage.  An aide handed the boy who had   hair and was dressed in a black suit with a red tie and a large “vote” button over to Trump. After getting the boy’s name, Trump said, “Now, he’s supposed to look like Donald Trump, but he’s actually much too  . You are really handsome. ” Trump then asked him if he wanted to go back with his parents, or stay with Trump. “Trump,” he replied shyly. The crowd then erupted with cheers, and Trump handed the boy back to his parents. (  Fox 61) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Veteran Hollywood actor Jon Voight appealed Saturday to Trump supporters to express “outrage” against the Hollywood and Republican establishments, respectively. [I am calling for all Trump supporters to express their outrage and anger against DeNiro and all of the Republican turncoats cont’d,  —   Jon Voight (@jonvoight) October 8, 2016,   against Trump. Let Donald Trump know we are completely behind him, and may God give him the strength to continue his calling.  —   Jon Voight (@jonvoight) October 8, 2016,  Robert de Niro recently filmed a political video in which he lambasted the Republican candidate with personal insults and declares, “I’d like to punch him in the face. ” House Speaker Paul Ryan was shouted down Saturday when he criticized Trump at his event in Wisconsin, and Nevada Republican Senate candidate Joe Heck was booed and jeered on the stump when he disavowed Trump. With less than four days before Election Day, Republicans hold an edge in early voting in the pivotal swing state of Florida. [The Associated Press reports that state election officials say that nearly 5. 3 million Floridians have voted by mail or at polling precincts. That already exceeds figures from 2012, which was at nearly 4. 8 million.  Republicans currently hold an edge of nearly 2, 000 votes over Democrats with, nearly 1 million of those voters having registered with no party affiliation. According to the Republican National Committee, at this point in 2012 presidential election cycle, Republicans were trailing in the Sunshine State by over 75, 000 ballots cast. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Fox News’s Megyn Kelly and Chris Stirewalt, on a panel with former TheBlaze’s Dana Loesch and Daily Wire editor Ben Shapiro (both formerly of Breitbart News) mock cable news’ fascination with Donald Trump and Paul Ryan’s Thursday meeting. [From Mediaite:  Fox News host Megyn Kellymocked her competitors Thursday night, playing footage of MSNBC and CNN’s obsessive coverage of Donald Trump‘s trip to Washington D. C. for her panel to tear apart. “The countdown on MSNBC, they had a countdown clock. Look, CNN with a shot of Trump’s plane!” Kelly said as producers cued up footage of CNN’s coverage. “Wolf Blitzer was walking us through the plane’s progress on the tarmac!  …     You would have thought it was the second coming. ” Read the rest of the story here. Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is firing back, after presumptive Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton’s tweet telling him to delete his account after he criticized President Obama’s endorsement of Clinton on Thursday. [How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up —  and where are your 33, 000 emails that you deleted? https:  .   —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 9, 2016,   Delete your account. https:  .   —   Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) June 9, 2016,  Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama —  but nobody else does!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 9, 2016,  CLEVELAND, Ohio  —     protest organizers’ failure to effectively mount anything resembling a popular protest against Republicans, Donald Trump, and police officers is apparently getting to them and they are lashing out angrily in the streets. [The grassroots Left rebrands itself approximately 1 year prior to each presidential election and this year they are united under the banner of “Black Lives Matter,” though they called themselves “Occupy” prior to the 2012 presidential election. The constant need to change their identity and the failure to get people in Cleveland to join their efforts have apparently left them angry and unable to control their emotions.   Follow Brandon Darby on Twitter and like him on Facebook. Friday, ABC News’ Brian Ross reported on Rajiv K. Fernando, a major Clinton Foundation’s donor who had “no known experience in the area,” being appointed to a State Department “sensitive government security advisory board. ”  After detailing Hillary Clinton’s staff’s involvement in Fernando appointment, the report shows a video clip of Hillary Clinton during her Secretary of State confirmation hearing vowing that no Clinton Foundation donors would not receive any special treatment. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Friday’s broadcast of “PBS NewsHour,” New York Times columnist David Brooks stated that the way in which presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump’s campaign announced the VP selection of Indiana Governor Mike Pence (R) shows “this is not a real campaign. ”  Brooks said, “Well, this is not a real campaign. Like, there’s a certain norm of the way things are done. Usually, when you announce your vice presidential candidate, there’s like a professional rollout. Like, you do trivial things like updating your Web page, which the Trump campaign didn’t do for a little while. And so they’re just  —   it’s a   show. And one gets the impression everyone else around is sort of in the dark, and Trump’s deciding or not deciding. And, as a result, the normal institutional presence that a campaign has, where decisions get made, and things get done, and conventions get organized, a lot of that, it’s unclear if that’s happening. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett In Florida, the latest poll released by   shows that Hillary Clinton is only leading Donald Trump by just two points. [Clinton has a 44 percent total, while Trump comes in at 42 percent. Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson has six percent support while only two percent support Green Party candidate Jill Stein. The survey has a margin of error of four points.  Trump is still registering a high rating of 52 percent while Clinton has a 45 percent unfavorable rating. The poll was conducted August 22  —   August 24, 2016 of 625 registered Florida voters and included likely voters. Sen. Bernie Sanders told his Sunday night Democratic audience in Flint, Mich. that being called a communist by Donald Trump was “one of the nicest things that he said about me. ”[Sanders gave his answer to CNN debate host Anderson Cooper, when Cooper cited Trump’s criticism.  In October, for example, Trump described Sanders as a “  . ” Trump also called Sanders a communist in early February at a rally in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. “I’d love to run against him,” Trump said, “To run against a communist in this country   …     I’d love that. ” But Sanders embraced the criticism Sunday night, saying the description “was one of the nicest things that he said about me. ” From 1917 to 1989, communist rulers  —   including Vladimir Lenin and Mao Zedong  —   killed almost 100 million people, according to the 1997 account, “The Black Book of Communism: Crimes, Terror, Repression. ” Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana During her appearance on Tuesday’s Breitbart News Daily with SiriusXM host Matt Boyle, Michelle Malkin said   Donald Trump’s choice of Rex Tillerson for secretary of state was “definitely a maverick choice” and “refreshing. ” She supports the nomination of “a secretary of state who has the kind of business experience he does. ”[“Of course, there’s all sorts of wailing, gnashing of teeth, and moaning about his business dealings and his relationship with Russia,” she observed. “But this is in tune with the President who won the election. He won, to borrow Obama’s phrase. I would just have to say that anyone who is not Romney is a massive improvement. Anyone who is not Hillary Clinton is a massive improvement. ”   Michelle Malkin is a   author, senior editor of Conservative Review, and host of the new Michelle Malkin Investigates video series at CRTV. com. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN:  Tweet claims Donald Trump’s time slot for speaking at AIPAC will give him a reason to skip the next Republican debate in Utah. [From The Hill:  Donald Trump will miss the final Republican presidential debate to address a major   lobbying organization instead, according to an insider. “Hearing that Trump secured a Monday night speaking slot at AIPAC conf. in D. C,” tweeted Noah Pollak, executive director of the Emergency Committee for Israel, referencing the American Israel Public Affairs Committee. “Also happening that night: [the] Republican debate in Salt Lake City,” he added, alluding to the 13th GOP presidential contest on March 21. Read the rest of the story here.   Donald Trump’s spokesman Jason Miller says Trump hasn’t decided yet whether to name a new IRS commissioner or keep current John Koskinen on for the rest of his term, which continues after President Obama leaves the White House next month. [“No decision yet on that front. Obviously, this is an important one considering all of the issues the American taxpayers have had with the IRS, so as soon as we have an announcement or if we’re allowed to put out some of the potential news on that front, we will. But, no decision on that front has been made yet,” Miller told reporters on Monday.  An impeachment bill, which was blocked earlier this month, charged Koskinen with the following: Koskinen has admitted that the IRS mismanaged   applications from tea party groups. Friday at the Conservative Political Action Conference in National Harbor, MD, Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) joked about his opponent Donald Trump canceling his scheduled appearance at the national conservative gathering.  Cruz said, “So Donald Trump is skipping CPAC. I think someone told him Megyn Kelly was going to be here. Or even worse, he was told there were conservatives that were going to be here. Or even worse, he was told libertarians were going to be here. Or even worse, he was told young people were going to be here. Now none of you all have a degree from Trump University?” He added, “The men and women here love liberty. And let me tell you as dire as things are, people are waking up all over this country, and help is on its way. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Fox News host Megyn Kelly is coming out with a new book about her year covering  —   and feuding  —   with presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump. [Kelly, who has repeatedly said countless times that she doesn’t want to be part of the story, teased her book at the close of her interview with Trump on Tuesday:  In addition to the “Kelly File” I have been working on a project, a book, which I’m unveiling right now. It’s called Settle for More, my life motto ever since I was an unhappy lawyer years ago. The book shows how I did just that with some tears and laughs along the way. And yes, for the fist time I will speak openly about my year with Donald Trump. You can   it now wherever books are sold. It hits stores November 15th. Trump and Kelly feuded after Trump thought a debate question that Kelly asked him during the GOP primary debate in Cleveland, Ohio last summer was “unfair” where she asked him about calling women names on Twitter.   Read the full story at The Daily Mail. Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” FiveThirtyEight’s Nate Silver said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton was one state away from losing the election.  Silver said, “We show a   lead nationally for Clinton,   favorite. The electoral college map is less solid for Clinton than it was for Obama four years ago, where four years ago we had Obama ahead in states totaling 320 some electoral votes. Clinton has 270 so one state away from potentially losing the Electoral College. Rather be in her shoes than Donald Trump, but it’s not a terribly safe position. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN ABC’s “The View”   Joy Behar argued that President Obama’s “color” “has something to do with” Senate Republicans vowing to block his Supreme Court nominee on Tuesday’s broadcast of “The View. ”  After saying that she thinks Obama will put a moderate nominee on the Supreme Court, “It’s almost like they’re [Senate Republicans] not being patriotic, it seems to me.   …     And I have to say it, I know it’s not popular to say it, but his color has something to do with it. I don’t care. ” She added, “I’m saying that they’re racists, and it takes a white person to say it. Because everybody knows black people believe that. ” (  NewsBusters) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett A new online poll suggests Donald Trump is back in the game after falling behind Hillary Clinton in several   polls. [A Zogby Analytics survey that was published on Tuesday shows the New Yorker just behind the former secretary of state by two points, 38 percent to 36 percent.  “It seems the convention bumps are behind us and we are back to a close race!” the survey analysis suggests. “What’s new in the online poll is that older millennials are starting to trend to Trump,” reports Washington Examiners’ Paul Bedard. The survey shows Clinton leads with women, blacks, and Hispanics as well as middle income voters. Trump is leading with older voters, men and Independents. The survey, which was conducted August 12 to August 13, has a margin of error of plus or minus 2. 8 percent. CHICAGO (AP)  —   The Chicago Cubs have won the NL Central, becoming the first major league team this season to clinch a division title when St. Louis lost   at San Francisco. [The Cubs lost   to the Milwaukee Brewers earlier Thursday night, but captured their first NL Central crown since 2008 when the Giants finished off their victory over the Cardinals.  Wrigley Field was empty when Matt Adams made the final out on the West Coast, but a loud cheer went up in the neighborhood around the iconic ballpark and several people honked their car horns. As the Super Tuesday exit polls roll in, as we have learned on previous election nights, Donald Trump’s proposal to temporarily ban foreign Muslims from entering the United States  is wildly popular with Republican voters. Throughout the Super Tuesday states, a full 60% of Republican voters back the Trump plan.    want illegals deported, which is the law.   —   Trump’s party? 6 in 10 in #SuperTuesday states support Muslim ban. About 4 in 10 want undocumented immigrants deported, in prelim exits,  —   Rick Klein (@rickklein) March 1, 2016,  —   It is important to keep in mind that after Trump proposed this ban, all the elite pundits and analysts said he had just doomed his campaign. These people can never stop being wrong.   Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                   Pat Caddell spoke with Breitbart News Daily host Alex Marlow on Monday, saying, “The opportunities are high” for the incoming Trump administration. Citing a nation still divided after a long political campaign season, Caddell went on to discuss the current state of the Democratic Party. [Caddell, a longtime Democrat, called it “a party hollowed out” and unable “to reach out beyond identity politics. ” They “keep falling back on the same mantras,” he said.  “The losses at the state level are devastating because that’s where you develop candidates for Congress,” he added. Caddell concluded, “What’s missing is a positive vision of restoring my party to what it once was, truly the party of the common man, as opposed to a party of   …       elites” that relies on “divisive identity politics to win. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN:  Thursday on ABC’s “The View,”     declared she would leave the United States for Canada if a Republican is “nominated. ”  Symonè said,  “My confession for this election is if any Republican gets nominated, I’m gonna move to Canada with my entire family. Is that bad?” When pressed she added, “I already have my ticket   …     No, I literally bought my ticket, I swear. ” Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN The New York Times editorial page warns this weekend that Hillary Clinton is dangerous because of her “establishmentarian type of folly. ”[advertisement   Donald Trump disavowed an   conference in Washington, D. C. over the weekend led by Richard Spencer that celebrated the election of Donald Trump. [Asked directly about the event that was widely covered by the mainstream media, Trump replied, “I condemn them. I disavow, and I condemn. ”  Trump denied that he had energized the   but again disavowed the movement. “I don’t want to energize the group, and I disavow the group,” Trump said. “It’s not a group I want to energize. And if they are energized I want to look into it and find out why. ” Trump made his remarks during a personal visit to the New York Times, where reporters   his remarks. The remarks about the   were shared by New York Times media reporter Mike Grynbaum. Trump separated former Breitbart Executive chairman Steve Bannon from the   moment, insisting that his chief advisor was not a racist. “I’ve known Steve Bannon a long time. If I thought he was a racist, or     …     I wouldn’t even think about hiring him,” he said. Visitors and workers were cleared out of Manhattan’s Trump Tower Tuesday afternoon shortly before 5 p. m. after a suspicious package was reported to the New York City Police Department, according to multiple media reports.[  Donald Trump and his family are staying at their    estate and compound in Palm Beach, Florida for a Christmas break.  Local New York City media has reported the scare was caused by an unattended backpack. Trump Tower is a large complex which includes retail stores such at Tiffany’s Fifth Avenue flagship store, plus apartments and business offices. Only part of the complex has been evacuated. Suspicious package at Trump Tower has been examined by NYPD Bomb Squad. Deemed to be an unattended bag and safe. pic. twitter.   —   NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 27, 2016,    Julfikar Ali Manik, Geeta Adand, and Ellen Barry write in the New York Times:  Read the rest here. Saturday in Pittsburgh, PA at a rally for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, billionaire Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban called Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is a “j —  off. ”  Cuban said, “Leadership is not yelling and screaming and intimidating  …     You know what we call a person like that, you know the screamers the yellers the person who ties to intimate you? You know what we call a person like that in Pittsburgh?  A j —  off. Is there any bigger j —  off in the world than Donald Trump? Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo   Snopes, which will now have the power to declare what news is or is not legitimate on the world’s largest online platform, almost exclusively employs leftists. Facebook announced Thursday that   website Snopes will be one of a few   organizations allowed to label stories as “fake news. ” Almost all of the writers churning out fact checks for Snopes have a liberal background, and many of them have expressed contempt for Republican voters. The Daily Caller could not identify a single Snopes   who comes from a conservative background. Snopes did not respond to a list of questions from TheDC regarding the site’s ideological leaning. You can read the rest of the story here. This evening, MILO will speak at the University of Houston in Texas in a discussion titled “How to Destroy the Alt Right. ”[This is the second event in MILO’s second leg of the Dangerous Faggot Tour. The first discussion covered “Why Do Lesbians Fake Hate Crimes. ”  The speech will cover where the   came from, what it is, and how the Left can destroy it  —   assuming it’s not already too late. He is expected to lay the blame for the rise of the movement, as well as the popularity of Donald Trump and himself, at the feet of progressive activists, the   media, liberal college professors, Hollywood, and    political correctness. The even begins at 8:00 PM EST. You can watch tonight’s talk at the link below:  Academy award winning actor Jon Voight praised Donald Trump during the Values Voter Summit in Washington, D. C. on Friday afternoon. [“How can anyone doubt his sincerity?” Vought questioned about the Republican nominee.  Jon Voight introduces @realDonaldTrump at #VVS2016 ”How can anyone doubt his sincerity?” @BreitbartNews pic. twitter.   —   Alex Swoyer (@ASwoyer) September 9, 2016,  Voight said he can tell good from bad, adding, “I know, I can distinguish who Donald Trump is  and who Hillary Clinton is. ” “I feel there is a dark cloud over the country now and we are all witness to Hillary Clinton’s lies and corruption,” Voight declared. “We are witness to President Obama covering every false move that she makes and making them appear right. ” “My heart aches watching Donald Trump day after day  …    how can anyone doubt his sincerity?” Voight added, saying if Trump becomes President of the United States, “He will lift the dark cloud that hovers over us now. ”   rapper Genesis Be wrapped herself in a Confederate flag, hung a noose around her neck and ordered fans to rip up a Confederate flag during a recent performance to protest Gov. Phil Bryant’s decision to designate the month of April as Confederate Heritage Month. [The controversial performance came on April 26 at New York’s SOB’s night club, where the    reportedly performed the mass incarceration protest anthem, “Young Brown Fly. ”  “After the performance, I pulled out a lighter and the crowd asked me to burn the flag,” the rapper told the New York Daily News. “I just threw it into the crowd and told them to rip it up for me, which they did. ” In an April 22 post on Twitter in response to Confederate Heritage Month, Be declared that “Black Lives Don’t Matter” to Gov. Bryant. #Mississippi Gov. @PhilBryantMS ”Black Lives Don’t Matter” declares April Confederate Heritage Month #retweet pic. twitter.   —   G. Be (@GenesisBe) April 22, 2016,  Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” Sen. Claire McCaskill ( ) said the Russian interference in the 2016 U. S. presidential election was “a form of warfare. ”  McCaskill said, “This should be not only about protecting us going forward but this is a form of warfare for Vladimir Putin who is a thug and a bully and has the friends around the globe that we don’t want to be friends with, for him to be trying to impact our elections, we have to  —   there has to  —   he has to be held accountable. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Melissa   commented on the 2016 primary race Saturday on her MSNBC show, saying the fact that there are only two Democratic candidates remaining at this point shows how “anemic” the party is.  “I would argue that for me, Thursday night, watching Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, already this early, we are in New Hampshire. and our party is so anemic, that we are down to two candidates, right? Say what you want to say about the mad house going on on the Republican side. They’ve got all kinds of folks that still want the Republican nomination. We have two folks who are advanced in age, who have been in government for a long time. ”   later added that it is “whiter than the Oscars” in the Democratic race. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent NEW YORK (AP)  —   Lena Dunham will undergo surgery after experiencing an ovarian cyst rupture. [advertisement Breitbart News Senior    Peter Schweizer’s new book, Clinton Cash, makes condemning allegations about the financial practices of the Clinton Foundation. This article originally appeared in the New York Times:[advertisement JERUSALEM (AP)  —   Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu lashed out at Iran Sunday for staging a   cartoon contest that mocked the Nazi genocide of 6 million Jews during World War II and said the Islamic Republic was busy planning for another one. [advertisement The crowd gathered at Cincinnati’s U. S. Bank Arena on Thursday night for   Donald Trump’s “Thank You Tour” event booed their home state governor, whom Trump mentioned by name. [“He said, ‘Congratulations, that was amazing,’” Trump recalled of Kasich, telling the audience that he called and congratulated him after Trump won the election. “We won this state by almost 10 points, which they say is totally unheard of. ”  Kasich, who was one of Trump’s competitors during the GOP primary, refused to back the GOP nominee during the general election. “You went out and you pounded the pavement  …    and propelled to victory a grassroots movement the likes of which the world has never seen before,” Trump said to his supporters gathered at the event. Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani said instead of host Jake Tapper asking Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to apologize over his questions about President Barack Obama’s birthplace maybe the, “Democrats should apologize for calling Donald Trump a racist.’  Giuliani said, “If everybody apologized for all the things they said in politics, all we would be doing on television shows is apologizing. Maybe all the Democrats should apologize for calling Donald Trump a racist and calling him all kinds of terrible names and it gets a little silly. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Police in Columbus are looking for two men who put a gun to the head of an    in order to steal a hoverboard. [Though the incident happened last November, police in Ohio’s capital city are now asking the public for help identifying the suspects.  Police have released several photos of persons of interest in hopes that someone in the public can give authorities information leading to an arrest. The incident occurred on November 26 outside Fort Rapids Water Park around 10 PM. Surveillance video shows the men putting the gun to the child’s head and demanding the toy. The pair then rush to a PT Cruiser and drive off. Investigators say that a female was with the two male suspects but they aren’t sure if the woman was aware of or part of the robbery. Residents with any information should call Columbus Police at   . Anonymous tips can be made to Central Ohio Crime Stoppers at    (8477). Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com On Friday, talk radio host Rush Limbaugh argued Black Lives Matter is “a terrorist group. They’re quickly becoming a terrorist group committing hate crimes. ”  Limbaugh said, “Speaking of President Obama, in part of show prep today, I found a story from March, I think, of 2015, in which, President Obama welcomed two founders of Black Lives Matter to the White House and commemorated them and their efforts, and praised them as being better organizers than he is. And that’s the  —   Black Lives Matter was just exactly who they are then as who they are today. They’re a terrorist group. They’re quickly becoming a terrorist group committing hate crimes. And the attorney general today is saying that she’s going to look into this, investigate this as a hate crime, which is amazing they’re not trying to find out if this guy is a member of the Tea Party. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett On Breitbart News Sunday on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from   pm ET on Sunday night, guest host and Washington Political Editor Matthew Boyle will interview Paul Ryan primary challenger Paul Nehlen. [American Conservative Union chairman Matt Schlapp will discuss Donald Trump having won the GOP presidential nomination and efforts to unify the party and conservative movement behind Trump.  Meanwhile, on the left, the Democratic Party remains divided as ever as evidenced by what happened at Nevada’s Democratic convention this weekend. Breitbart’s Jen Lawrence will discuss her report on how the Bernie Sanders supporters and Hillary Clinton supporters there tangled in a way that forced even Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid to step up into a peacemaker role between the two camps. Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) says that eight former national finance committee members for Jeb Bush’s failed presidential campaign have joined Cruz’s finance committee. [“I am excited to welcome this outstanding new group to our finance team,” said Cruz in a statement released Thursday. “They arrive at a pivotal time for our campaign, as the field is winnowing down to a   race. I am honored to have such an impressive committee. It is yet another sign that conservatives are coalescing behind our campaign. ”  The following members have joined the Cruz national finance team: Paul Dickerson of Houston, TX, Boyden Gray of Washington, DC, Charles Foster of Houston, TX, Reginald J. Brown of Washington, DC, Paula and Jim Henry of Midland, TX, and  Nancy and Randy Best of Dallas, TX. MOSCOW (AP)  —   Russian warplanes took off on Tuesday from a base in Iran to target Islamic State fighters and other militants in Syria, Russia’s Defense Ministry said, widening Moscow’s bombing campaign in Syria in a major development in the country’s civil war. [advertisement Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” host Chuck Todd played clips of Iowa Democrats expressing their doubts about Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton before questioning the front runner.  Jay Helton, an O’Malley supporter, said, “You get the impression from her that she believes maybe the rules don’t apply to her, or the same rules don’t apply to her that apply to everybody else. ” Sally Wilson, a Clinton supporter, said “I hear people talking about questioning her honesty. And I don’t necessarily do that, but I think that’s one thing that people are kind of not sure, and they felt that way about Bill Clinton, too. So I think some of that rubs off. ” After the clips, Clinton said,“First of all, Chuck, I always thought this was going to be close. But I’ve worked as hard as I can to build an organization in Iowa to be out there listening and talking with Iowans. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Thursday on AM 970’s “The Joe Piscopo Show,” Rep. Peter King ( ) criticized Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) calling him a “phony” and saying his supporters in New York would need their heads examined.  King said, “Let me say something about the New York primary, any New Yorker who even thinks of voting for Ted Cruz should have their head examined. Oh no Really, here’s a guy who refused to sign onto the   health care act for the cops and fireman. Here’s a guy who talks about New York values. To me, New York values is what people did after    —   the cops the fireman, the National guard units that were over in Iraq and Afghanistan. ” He continued, “New York keeps going froward. We’re tough, and to have some guy like Ted Cruz with cowboy boots walk around criticizing us. So listen, I hope he gets the cold shoulder and other things from every New Yorker. Send him back where he belongs. And he’s a phony,” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Sunday on CNN’s “Reliable Sources,” journalist Glenn Greenwald said the WikiLeaks emails from Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s staff shows a pattern of “serious impropriety” of media collusion with the Clinton campaign.  When asked if the leaks show journalist impropriety, Greenwald said, “Some of them are standard, normal standard back and forth jockeying between campaigns and journalists, others though are I think are examples of serious impropriety. I think Donna Brazile leaking  —   getting a hols of a town hall question and only giving it to the Clinton campaign and not the Sanders campaign is an example of cheating. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,”   Mika Brzezinski reacted to reports that the   candidate Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol had been pushing is National Review’s David French.  Brzezinski suggested a Kristol take a vacation, seemingly dismissing the seriousness of French’s candidacy to take on Trump. “I think Bill needs to take a vacation  —   no, like a long one,” she said. “And not that there’s anything wrong with this, OK  —   he hinted over the weekend of the possibility of a   candidate to rival Donald Trump. Now, remember, it was the possibility of a   candidate to rival Donald Trump. OK, so that’s got to be someone big and aggressive and somehow has got that talent that can punch back and yet lead the country in the right direction, well known. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Friday on CNN’s “New Day,” Paul Manafort, the convention manager for GOP presidential   Donald Trump discussed the campaign’s efforts to shore up going forward and explained that he works for Trump “directly. ”  “I work directly for the boss,” Manafort told CNN’s Chris Cuomo. “I listen to everybody, but I have one man whose voice is louder than everybody else’s. ” He also said he was confident that Trump will have clinched the Republican Party’s presidential nomination before the convention. “The reality is, Ted Cruz has seen his best day,” he added. “The reality is, this convention process will be over with sometime in June, probably June 7. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Hillary Clinton’s latest doesn’t feature her own voice. [Instead, it features the famous golden voice of actor Morgan Freeman and pictures of babies and children.   “Our children, they look up to us, what we value, how we treat others and now they’re looking to see what kind of leaders we choose,” Freeman says, reminding the Clinton has a history of “helping women and families” while Trump is a “loose cannon” who looks after his own interests. Monday on ABC’s “Jimmy Kimmel Live,” Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton downplayed any concerns she had about forthcoming previously unreleased emails set be released by the State Department.  When asked by host Jimmy Kimmel if she were concerned about the State Department releasing emails before a deadline that falls right before a presidential debate, Clinton dismissed it as not being a problem. “Jimmy, my emails are so boring,” Clinton replied. “I’m embarrassed by that. They’re so boring. So, I don’t know  —   we’ve already released   so what is a few more?” She went on to add she wasn’t concerned about her opponent Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump using them against her because “he makes stuff” to use against her anyway. “He makes up stuff to use against me,” she added. “So, if he would stick with reality, I wouldn’t have a worry in the world. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor A picture of a boy praying over a sleeping homeless man in Baltimore, Maryland, has gone viral on Facebook. [Jonathan A. Stormz said he watched the young boy walk past the homeless man, who was sleeping on the sidewalk. Stormz pulled out his phone as the boy began to approach the destitute stranger.  Stormz said he could not help but snap a photo as he watched the boy place his hand on the man’s body and begin praying over him. “This was an amazing sight! I pray this kid becomes a leader amongst his peers, and continues on this path! !” Stormz wrote on his Facebook page. “Not all Baltimore youth are lost! !” I watched as this young kid was walking pass, stopped and walked over to this sleeping homeless man touched him and  …     Posted by Jonathan A. Stormz on Tuesday, March 1, 2016, Stormz said he had to share the moment with the rest of the world. The iconic picture has been shared more than 32, 000 times on Facebook. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson. On MSNBC Saturday, former Ohio Democratic state senator Nina Turner, a national surrogate for Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) reacted to the report that Sanders is set to visit the Vatican.  Turner hoped Sanders would get a chance to meet Pope Francis because “they are on the same page” when it comes to economic morality. “I hope that [Sen. Sanders] does get the opportunity to meet with the pope because as the senator has expressed, he and the pope are on the same page when you talk about morality, that economic morality,” Turner said. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Buffalo Bills head coach Rex Ryan will introduce business mogul Donald Trump at a rally in Buffalo, N. Y. tonight, according to several sources.  [#Bills coach Rex Ryan tells reporters that he’ll introduce Donald Trump at his rally in Buffalo tonight. #asexpected,  —   Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) April 18, 2016,   Rex Ryan confirms he will introduce Donald Trump at his rally tonight in Buffalo. #Bills.  —   Vic Carucci (@viccarucci) April 18, 2016,  Rex Ryan is a larger than life figure in New York footbal, having been head coach of the New York Jets and now the Buffalo Bills. Ryan has even been called the “Donald Trump of the NFL”.    Trump unsuccessfully tried to buy the Buffalo Bills in 2014 and has said that if he had been able to buy the team, he wouldn’t have run for President.   Ahead of Florida primary, Rubio offers Trump a tepid embrace: https:  .  @mkraju reports. https:  .  In an interview that aired on CNN’s “New Day” on Tuesday, Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) seemingly dismissed Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s charge that Trump’s opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton was a bigot.  The junior Florida U. S. Senator who is up for reelection in the fall noted that Democrats have a track record of calling Republican “bigots. ” “Democrats have been calling Republicans bigoted for a long time,” Rubio said. “I think Hillary Clinton has a lot of problems. I think she is corrupt. She is dishonest. Do I think some of the policies she stands for do harm minority communities? Absolutely. ” “You’ll have to ask some of the other campaigns about the terms they use,” he added. “I can tell you I don’t want Hillary Clinton to be our president. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Thursday on NBC’s “The Tonight Show,” Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) entertained a phone call from “Donald Trump” played by show host Jimmy Fallon advising him how to answers questions he might face from Fallon in his appearance.  The topics included immigration and how to handle a question about his “New York values” comments, to which Cruz touted New York City as the “greatest city in the world. ” “I love New York City. It is the greatest city in the world with the best looking audiences in the entire world, so when I said New York values I was merely trying to say I value New York, except I was saying it backwards, the way Yoda would say it. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor CIA Director John Brennan said Sunday in an interview with NBC News that the CIA “would not agree” to carry out waterboarding again, even if commanded by a future president.  GOP presidential candidates Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) have both said they would be for the use of waterboarding in some capacity. Trump is in favor of going “beyond” waterboarding, while Cruz stated the act is needed in some cases. “Absolutely, I would not agree to having any CIA officer carrying out waterboarding again,” Brennan said. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  MSNBC host Chris Matthews told Jeff Weaver, the Campaign Manager for Democratic presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) “You know my erogenous zone, you’re hitting it” on Monday’s “Hardball. ”  After Weaver criticized Democratic candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for her support of the Iraq War, “disastrous trade deals,” the Defense of Marriage Act, and denying illegal immigrants driver’s licenses, Matthews stated, “Well, there’s an amazing number of things you mentioned I happen to agree with you and your candidate on, as you know. You know my erogenous zone. You’re hitting it. ” Matthews added that he thought the Sanders campaign was overstating its case against Clinton. (  Mediaite) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett NASSAU, Bahamas (AP)  —   Tiger Woods ruined an otherwise impressive return to golf Thursday with two double bogeys over the final three holes for a   73 at the Hero World Challenge. [For eight holes, it sure didn’t look as though Woods had been out of competition for 15 months while recovering from two back surgeries. His   to   range on the   eighth tied him for the lead.  But his mistakes, while not big misses, were costly. He took a 6 on two par 5s. He hit into a bush from the middle of the 16th fairway and made double bogey, and he pulled his tee shot into the water on the final hole for another double bogey. Woods was nine shots behind J. B. Holmes, in 17th place in the   field. Only Justin Rose had a higher score at Albany Golf Club. Monday on “The Howie Carr Show,” Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said former president Bill Clinton should be asked how he was different from Bill Cosby, who was recently criminally charged for an alleged 2004 sexual assault.  Trump said, “Well, the Cosby thing is a weird deal and he’s got himself some big problems, and you almost have to ask Bill Clinton that question. It would be a very interesting question to someday ask him. Certainly he has a lot of strong charges against him and it’s pretty bad stuff. And it only got brought up because she said I have sexist tendencies. And I respect women so much and I’ll protect women and I’ll protect them and I’ll protect the whole country. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Vid: B Williams: Cubans use donkey carts “because that’s exactly what they’d rather have for transportation” #TTT16 pic. twitter.  In reaction to Cuban dictator Fidel Castro’s death, MSNBC’s Brian Williams said the Cuban people would rather use donkey carts as transportation than the American cars from the 1950s that are still in use.  “It’s still one of those nations where you see donkey carts alongside cars, trucks and buses in downtown Havana because that’s exactly what they’d rather have for transportation,” Williams stated Saturday. (  Newsbusters) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Dozens of migrants are rioting over free food handed out outside a football stadium in Greece, with reports of injuries near the Piraeus port where nearly 5, 000 migrants are living at the passenger terminals. [Local Greek media reports state that rioting began shortly after 7pm, when around 30 people started fighting each other while lining up to receive free food from the Olympiakos Football Club.  Piraeus Port Authority coast guard officers attended the scene to separate Afghan and Syrian migrants fighting each other. The news comes on the same day of reporting    stabbings in the area. ekathimerini. com reports: Three men received   threatening stab wounds during a brawl between Afghan refugees at Piraeus port early on Thursday morning. Port authorities have launched an investigation into the incident that involved around 20 asylum seekers in a passenger terminal that is being used as a refugee shelter. PICTURES:        Brett LoGiurato at Business Insider takes a look at the GOP race in Hew Hampshire.  Presidential contenders who are members of the Republican Party’s   establishment are growing increasingly snippy as their eyes train on what’s looking more and more like a    state: New Hampshire. Over the past week, Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey sniped at the poor   record of Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida. Allies of Jeb Bush, the former Florida governor, went after not only Rubio, but also Christie and Gov. John Kasich of Ohio. And Rubio’s campaign referred to Bush’s operation as “sad. ” Read the whole thing. More Western media outlets are picking up on the ‘Taharrush’   phenomenon after Breitbart London’s report on Sunday. MailOnline writes today on the origins of the term: advertisement Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said Sunday night at the CNN debate in Michigan that, “when you are white   …     you don’t know what it’s like to be poor. ”[Sanders was answering a question about racial blind spots when he made the claim.  “When you are white, you don’t know what it’s like to be living in a ghetto, you don’t know what it’s like to be poor, you don’t know what it’s like to be hassled when you are walking down a street or dragged out of a car,” Sanders argues. “We must be firm in making it clear that we will end institutional racism and reform a broken criminal justice system. ” LONDON (Reuters)  —   The referendum in which Britons voted to leave the European Union is not legally binding, the Supreme Court was told on Wednesday during a hearing on who has the power to trigger Brexit. [The court is considering an appeal by the government against a ruling last month that ministers cannot invoke Article 50 of the EU’s Lisbon Treaty, the first formal step in the process of leaving the bloc, without parliament’s explicit approval.  If the Supreme Court upholds that ruling, the risk for the government is that proceedings in parliament could delay Prime Minister Theresa May’s plan to trigger Article 50 by the end of March, watering down her Brexit strategy. Click here to read more Monday on CNN’s “The Axe Files” podcast, while speaking to presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton super PAC strategist, Paul Begala, host and chief strategist for both of Barack Obama’s presidential campaigns David Axelrod said Clinton did not handle the controversy over her use of a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state well, instead offering several contradictory explanations which caused her numbers to take a “dive. ”  Axelrod said, “Part of the problem is she said it in a lot of different ways and with a lot of different tones and a few different explanations and it hadn’t been well handled. It just hasn’t been well handled   …     Her numbers took a dive after that. ” “McLaughlin Group” host John McLaughlin argued that Iraq and Afghanistan have deteriorated under the Obama administration on Friday.  McLaughlin asked the panel, “Are Iraq and Afghanistan better off or worse off than when President Obama took office?” After everyone else weighed in, McLaughlin said, “The answer is Iraq and Afghanistan are worse off now. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett CLEVELAND, Ohio  —   The Republican National Convention has released its highly anticipated program. Each day has a different theme, for instance, Monday is Make America Safe Again. [The long awaited schedule, which is included in full below, offers a window into presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump’s promise of an unconventional convention.    Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump stated, “The 45% tax is a threat, it was not a tax, it was a threat” regarding his proposed 45% tariff during Thursday’s Republican presidential debate on CNN.  After fellow candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz raised Trump proposing a 45% tariff on foreign goods, Trump said, “The 45% tax is a threat, it was not a tax, it was a threat. It will be a tax, if they don’t behave.   …     The 45% is a threat, that if they don’t behave, if they don’t follow the rules and the regulations, so that we can have it equal on both sides, we will tax you. It doesn’t have to be 45%. It could be less, but it has to be something, because our country, and our trade, and our deals, and our  —   most importantly, our jobs, are going to hell. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett During testimony before the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee on Wednesday, Border Patrol Chief Mark Morgan stated that assaults on Border Patrol agents have    increased “200% from the previous   . ”  Morgan said the US Border Patrol is “the most assaulted federal law enforcement in the United States. More than 7, 400 Border Patrol agents have been assaulted since 2006. That rose in FY 16 by 20% and    we’re seeing an increase of assaults of 200% from the previous   . It’s a dangerous job. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Saturday in Halifax, Nova Scotia at the annual Halifax International Security Forum, Sen. John McCain ( ) pushed back against the possibility of   Donald Trump’s administration using the tactic of waterboarding, as Trump may have suggested in the past.   “So I don’t give a damn what the president of the United States wants to do, or anybody else want to do, we will not waterboard,” he said. “We will not torture. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Monday on Bloomberg Politics’ “With All Due Respect” broadcasted on MSNBC, political commentator and longtime Clinton ally James Carville discussed the political    between Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, former President Bill Clinton, and his wife, Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton and said Trump is “a man that bankrupt four companies” while former President Bill Clinton is “a man who balanced four federal budgets. ”  Carville said, “Let me put it this way about the cycle. It’s such an odd cycle, a man that bankrupt four companies is attacking a man who balanced four federal budgets. That’s about what is is. Bill Clinton —  this country owes Bill Clinton a tremendous debt of gratitude. And I think most Americans know this. They know he is a president that balanced budgets and they know Trump is a man who bankrupt companies. It’s a fact. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN   Donald Trump has not yet announced his pick for secretary of state, though the press has speculated on several prospective candidates. [You, the Breitbart reader, were instrumental in Trump’s election victory and the continuing rise of America’s   movement. We want to know who you would prefer to serve as the country’s chief diplomat.   CINCINNATI (AP)  —   Police said Tuesday they are investigating the parents of the    boy who fell into a gorilla enclosure at the Cincinnati Zoo and had to be rescued by a team that shot the   animal to death. [advertisement Former WWE   former UFC heavyweight champion Brock Lesnar compared himself to former MLB and NFL star Bo Jackson Monday while discussing his return to UFC on ESPN’s “SportsCenter. ”  “I’m a crossover athlete,” Lesnar told ESPN’s Hannah Storm. “I’m the   Bo Jackson, people. ” Jackson won the Heisman award in 1985, and was named to the NFL’s   in 1990. In baseball, Jackson was named an   in 1989, where he went on to be named the game’s Most Valuable Player. Lesnar is a   WWE Heavyweight Champion, a former UFC Heavyweight Champion and an NCAA Division I Heavyweight Wrestling Champion. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent From Kenneth R. Timmerman writing at The Hill:  Clinton and corruption are two words irrevocably associated with each other since the days of the Whitewater land deal and Mrs. Clinton’s    winnings as a   cattle futures trader in the late 1970’s. Those early deals revealed the Clinton business model that flourishes today. Unlike Donald Trump, it has nothing to do with creating real wealth. Instead, it is all based on selling access and influence. It remains a mystery why an FBI public corruption investigation into Mrs. Clinton’s tenure as Secretary of State has not been   news since it was first revealed in January. It is no mystery, however, why Mrs. Clinton never appointed an Inspector General for the entire time she served as Secretary of State.  Based on the recently released State Department IG report, we now know how much she had to hide. Read the rest of the story at The Hill. Alex Boone, Minnesota Vikings offensive lineman and former San Francisco 49er, weighed in on former teammate Colin Kaepernick’s decision to sit during the national anthem due to the oppression of black people.  Boone told reporters that he is “disappointed” in the quarterback, adding that his actions were “shameful” and “disrespectful. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Tuesday in Philadelphia at the Democratic National Convention in an interview with Politico, former Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell ( ) said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s message on trade was “resonating with white blue collar workers” in his home state, which according to him Pennsylvania was “in play. ”  Rendell said, “I warn Democrats Donald Trump is giving a message that is resonating with white blue collar workers who worked in factory who worked on construction crews. We would be naive if we didn’t understand that exists So this state is in play. ” (  Politico) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” while discussing the possibility of   Donald Trump picking former Gov. Mitt Romney ( ) as secretary of state,  senior adviser for Trump’s transition team Kellyanne Conway said Romney “went out of his way to hurt Donald Trump. ”  Conway said, “I weigh in privately. First of all, let me make clear that there’s one person who will select his cabinet and it’s   Donald Trump. Whatever he decides will have my full support and respect and he knows that, as does Vice   Pence. I think there was the Never Trump movement and then there was Governor Mitt Romney. He went out of his way to hurt Donald Trump. He gave two speeches that I can recall in this calendar year and they both were about Donald Trump. Evan McMullin ran in the state of Utah. We don’t know who Mitt Romney voted for. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN From the Mail on Sunday:[  Sunday, CNBC host Larry Kudlow hinted on Sunday radio show “The Cats Roundtable” on AM 970 in New York that he may be declaring a senate run against Connecticut’s Richard Blumenthal.  Kudlow told host John Catsimatidis, “I can’t announce it today, there are all kinds of legal and financial ramifications, but I can only tell you that my wife and I are looking at it very carefully. ” Kudlow stated that he does not agree with Blumenthal on the Iran nuclear agreement and corporate tax rates, saying “Mr. Blumenthal was wrong on signing the Iran deal. He was wrong on pushing for the U. N. to bring Syrian hostages into the United States. ” “He’s a   . He was in Connecticut, and he’s a    in Washington at a time, frankly, with the economy at 2 percent or less, we ought to have a 15 percent corporate tax, not a 40 percent,” he added. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Last weekend while promoting her new book, “The Sleep Revolution: Transforming Your Life, One Night at a Time,” Arianna Huffington told Yahoo Global News’ Katie Couric that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, who says he averages about four hours of sleep a night, is sleep deprived to the point he is “operating legally drunk. ”  Huffington said, “The symptoms of his behavior are identical to symptoms of sleep deprivation. He actually has said he only sleeps about four hours a night, and he sleeps with his phone because he doesn’t want to be disconnected with what’s happening. ” She continued, “The question is not where do you get the energy? The question is what is it like to operate like you are drunk? Because the effect of so little sleep is like operating legally drunk. ” She added Trump has “played to people’s worst fears. ” Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN After endorsing Hillary Clinton and urging his supporters to do the same at the Democratic National Convention earlier this week, Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) has officially left the Democratic Party. [“And now, despite pleading with his base to support Hillary, even though they’re concerned that she’s too moderate, Sanders will return to Vermont and to his seat in the Senate, and he’ll do it with no official party affiliation,” writes Heatst. com reporter Emily Zanotti.  Sanders has reportedly identified as a socialist  —   left of the Democratic Party  —   since entering politics in 1979 except for when he declared his presidential campaign in 2015 and affiliated with the Democratic Party. Sen. Lena Taylor ( ) reacted Saturday on MSNBC to the accusation that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has been taking donations from the fossil fuel industry.  According to Taylor, Clinton “is not influenced by individuals who are supporting her. ” “Secretary Clinton is not influenced by individuals who are supporting her and whether or not they then choose to go and bundle dollars. This is not the issue. She’s been a person who has listened to people, she’s been a person who has advocated for what is practical and what is ‘get it done’ kinds of policies. And what we should be talking about are the issues, and not the things that will divert people from what is most important jobs. What is most important access to fairness, and dealing with the issues that matter. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump responded to the jobs report released on Friday, calling it a ‘bombshell. ’[Trump posted on Twitter, “Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38, 000 jobs added. Bombshell!”  Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38, 000 jobs added. Bombshell!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 3, 2016,  Friday’s report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows a record number of Americans not in the labor force. “The BLS reports that last month 94, 708, 000 Americans were neither employed nor made an effort to find employment  —   due to discouragement, retirement, education, or otherwise  —   last month,” Breitbart News’s Caroline May notes.   Donald Trump debuted a new hat over the weekend, previewing his upcoming inauguration as the 45th president of the United States. [The hat was spotted by reporters who watched Trump leave his    hotel on Sunday afternoon and left for the airport back to New York City.  The hat read “USA” on the front with the number “45” on the side. A photo of the hat was captured by Reuters and was shared online by Trump fans. Gotta love @realDonaldTrump new hat. On Sun. #trump wore #45 it’s a nice swipe at recount efforts. @fox @ThePolitiChicks @BreitbartNews pic. twitter.   —   Michelle Mears (@therighttalkusa) November 28, 2016,  It is unclear whether an official version of the hat will be offered for sale online or at Trump’s various souvenir stores. YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (AP)  —   Donald Trump called Monday for “extreme vetting” of immigrants seeking admission to the United States, vowing to block those who sympathize with extremist groups or don’t embrace American values. He said the policy would first require a temporary halt in immigration from dangerous regions of the world. [advertisement Data released from the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) show the U. S. lost 9, 000 manufacturing jobs while gaining 19, 000 government jobs in October. [Seasonally adjusted monthly employment data show government jobs grew from 22, 216, 000 in September to 22, 235, 000 in October. The number of manufacturing jobs, however, fell from 12, 267, 000 to 12, 258, 000. The total number of government employees now surpasses manufacturing workers by 9, 977, 000.   As CNSNews. com reports, BLS data since 1939 show manufacturing jobs have outnumbered those in government, peaking in 1979 at 19, 553, 000, until 1989, when the number of government employees began to slip ahead of manufacturing workers. Since then, the number of government jobs has seen dramatic increases over those in manufacturing. Since 1979, when government employees numbered 16, 045, 000, the number of government jobs has jumped by 6, 190, 000, or 38. 6 percent. Speaker of the House Paul Ryan would lose a    presidential contest with either Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders, according to a new Rasmussen poll. [From Rasmussen:  Some top Republicans see House Speaker Paul Ryan as the party’s savior if they can just make him the GOP presidential nominee. But Ryan loses to both major Democratic candidates in    matchups, with roughly a quarter of Republicans looking somewhere else. The latest Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey finds that Hillary Clinton tops Ryan 40% to 34% among Likely U. S. Voters, but a sizable 22% prefer some other candidate given that matchup. (To see survey question wording, click here.) Similarly, Senator Bernie Sanders posts a 41% to 34% win over Ryan, but 20% like another candidate. Five percent (5%) are undecided in both cases. Read the rest of the story here. PHILADELPHIA  —   Bakari Sellers tells CNN that New Jersey senator Cory Booker “literally believes in love. ”[The kind words followed Booker’s speech at the Democratic National Convention.  Don Lemon’s     show from the CNN Grill retains some of its Cleveland cast, with the exception of former Ted Cruz employee Amanda Carpenter. “Cory Booker literally believes in love,” said Lemon panelist Bakari Sellers, a former member of the South Carolina state legislature. “Personally I like him,” Lemon said of Booker. Lemon also had former Bernie Sanders comms director Symone Sanders on the show, who defended the   rebels. Bernie Sanders supporters booed almost every speaker at the convention in Philly. It remains unclear whether Bill Clinton, speaking Tuesday night, will get booed as well. A small group of protesters at the University of South Florida led possibly the most unconvincing chant of the Dangerous Faggot Tour as they exclaimed “Milo, GTFO!” before he gave a talk on why Donald Trump deserves to win. [The protest, which involved around a dozen protestors holding up signs that read “Stop Hate Speech, Milo Off Campus,” as well as signs calling presidential nominee Donald Trump and Florida senator Marco Rubio “bigots. ”  The chant appeared to be led by a trans woman, who addressed the small crowd by saying, “I’m going to ask you, what do we want, and your going to say, Milo GTFO. ” This “what do we want, Milo GTFO,” was repeated three times before its conclusion of “when do we want it?” “Now!” exclaimed the protestors.  You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at ben@yiannopoulos. net GOP frontrunner Donald Trump defended Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) against an attack from the National Review and touted that he, himself,  has more congressional endorsements than Sen. Ted Cruz ( ). [Conservative radio host Howie Carr of The Howie Carr Show told Trump that a National Review writer called Sessions, who recently endorsed Trump, a prostitute. “Wow! That’s terrible,” Trump responded to Carr’s news.  “Well, Sessions is highly respected. To have his endorsement, was such an honor,” he added, saying Sessions is “the best on the borders, the best judicially, and having him was fantastic. ” Trump added that it’s “incredible” Cruz has no Senate endorsements. On the National Review, Trump charged, “It’s failing. It’s going out of business, and they are nasty people. ” “They’re wrong on so many different things,” he added. A NBC4i report says that police found more than low prices at a New York Walmart on Monday.  Police discovered a meth lab in a drain underneath the parking lot of an Amherst, NY Walmart. The drainage pipe is reportedly tall enough to stand up in and unsecured, allowing anyone access to the meth lab. The lab was found during a random preventative patrol. Captain Scott Chamberlin says Amherst Police is currently investigating, but they do not yet know how long the meth lab has been in use, nor who is in charge of it. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Gawker’s Alex Pareene says the site “set a trap” for Donald Trump based on his tendency to retweet compliments on Twitter, no matter who they’re from. A tweet quoting their   parody account yielded an interview question on NBC’s Meet the Press Sunday. [From Gawker:  Is Donald Trump a fascist? Experts, historians, and pundits have debated the question for months. One thing has been certain for a while now: Hetweets like one. That’s why, last year, Gawker’s Ashley Feinberg created a Twitter bot that would post quotes from the writings and speeches of the Italian fascist dictator Benito Mussolini, but with all of them attributed to businessman and Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. This morning, he retweeted that account. Read the rest of the story here. (Reuters)  —   Usually concerned with top secret matters affecting national security, Britain’s eavesdropping spy agency GCHQ was also on the lookout for leaks of a     Harry Potter book, its publisher has revealed. [Shortly before the publication of one of the volumes in J. K. Rowling’s   wizarding saga, with millions of fans worldwide at a fever pitch of anticipation, publisher Nigel Newton received an unexpected phone call.  “I remember the British spy eavesdropping station GCHQ rang me up and said ‘we’ve detected an early copy of this book on the Internet’,” Newton told Australia’s ABC Radio in an interview last week that gained attention in Britain on Sunday. Read the rest of the story at Reuters. Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump’s wife, Melania Trump, defended him during a recent interview, saying, “He’s not Hitler. ”[“We know the truth. He’s not Hitler. He wants to help America. He wants to unite people,” the former supermodel stated during an interview with DuJour magazine, which was published on Tuesday. She was asked about comments that her husband “is Hitler. ”  She also said that her husband’s proposal to ban Muslims was “temporary,” noting he “needs to say it in a softer way. ” “He doesn’t go after religions. He feels like we need to know who’s coming to this country. If not, we don’t have a country,” she explained. “That’s how he feels. We see how he is, and he wants to unite the country and bring people together and bring jobs back. ” On Monday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Huffington Post Senior Politics Editor Sam Stein stated that the $1 million birthday gift from Qatar to former President Bill Clinton “confirms sort of the worst portraits of the Clintons, and how they operated out of office. ”  Stein said, “I mean, this, as Mark [Halperin] said, this confirms sort of the worst portraits of the Clintons, and how they operated out of office. And it raises obvious questions about why they were accepting this money. Now, you know, there were charitable purposes that went along with the Clinton Foundation, but, of course, it came with a conflict of interest. ” (  GOP War Room) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP)  —   The University of Missouri’s Board of Curators upheld its decision to fire an assistant professor whose   with student journalists and the police during   protests last fall drew widespread attention, the university system said Tuesday. [advertisement According to a WLOS report, a North Carolina community is upset after being told to stop singing the National Anthem while on a visit to New York City.  Waynesville Middle School’s chorus was singing the anthem outside of the   Memorial while on a trip to New York when security asked them to stop midway through their performance. WLOS reports the   Memorial requires groups to obtain a permit if they want to perform. Although the students did not have a permit, they were given verbal permission from a security guard. Waynesville Middle School principal Trevor Putnam said, “Basically they performed approximately half of the National Anthem, and they were told by security to cease and desist. And they, of course, complied immediately. ” Per Putnam, security “explained to them that they treat that area as a burial site. ” He added, “I hate that our kids didn’t get to finish. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent A new poll shows that Donald Trump has vastly improved his support among voters since becoming the presumptive Republican nominee. [The Washington   poll released Saturday night shows that Trump is now favored by 46 percent among registered voters, with Clinton at 44 percent.  That marks an   shift towards Trump since the same poll conducted in March. Clinton is down five points among registered voters while Trump is up six.   percent of voters said they wanted a   candidate to run, but 51 percent said they were satisfied with the current field. When asked to pick Clinton, Trump, or Romney, only 22 percent of voters chose the former failed Republican nominee, while 37 percent chose Clinton and 35 percent chose Trump. The poll was conducted May   of 1, 005 adults (829 registered voters) with a margin of error of plus or minus 3. 5 percentage points. The Nation magazine sports editor Dave Zirin reacted Saturday on MSNBC’s “Melissa  ” to New York Giants wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. ’s   suspension for his intentional head hit on Carolina Panthers defensive back Josh Norman in December. Beckham, who also sustained two other unsportsmanlike penalties for his actions in the game, is alleged to have been the subject of   trash talk in the game.  According to Zirin, the NFL is “less progressive than the Flintstones” on LGBT issues since it does not tell players that using   slurs is wrong. “In the NFL, on LGBT issues, they’re less progressive than the Flintstones. They are antediluvian on this stuff and any effort they try to say otherwise is ridiculous. They don’t do any kind of trainings, any kind of talk. They don’t do anything the NBA does to try to say to players, ‘Wait a minute, gayness is not trash talk. You cannot do that. ’” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent advertisement Donald Trump took a swipe at President Obama during his campaign rally in Dimondale, Michigan on Friday afternoon following the New Yorker’s visit to Baton Rouge, where there has been historic flooding. [“Obama ought to get off the golf course, and get down there,” Trump told the crowd.  Trump in Michigan: ”The devastation, they’ve never seen anything like it  …    Obama better get off the golf course and go down there.”  —   Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) August 19, 2016,  “To the people of Louisiana: We are with you and will always be with you,” Trump added. Obama and Hillary Clinton were both in Martha’s Vineyard on Friday. Obama has been there on vacation while Clinton was reportedly attending her husband’s birthday party. The Republican nominee said as for the people he met during his visit in Louisiana, “They’re spirit will overcome. ” The Secret Service has announced plans for a taller fence for the White House to deter the number of fence jumpers onto the property. [According to a briefing by federal officials, the plan is to build a “taller, stronger” fence to protect the president.  The irony wasn’t lost on Donald Trump, who posted a message to Obama on his Facebook page. “President Obama understands that you build strong, tall, beautiful walls to keep people out who don’t belong,” he wrote, sharing an article about the fence changes. “People who get permission can enter the White House LEGALLY!” Unfortunately the new fence will not be completed in time for Obama to enjoy the added security. According to the Secret Service, construction for the fence is scheduled for 2018. On Friday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Hardball,” NBC News Justice Correspondent Pete Williams stated that FBI Director James Comey’s letter announcing the FBI is taking another look at Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s emails did not just go to Republican members of Congress as Clinton claimed during his press conference earlier on Friday.  Williams was asked by host Chris Matthews, “[D]idn’t that letter coming from the FBI Director, didn’t that go to the Senate chairs who are all Democrats as well? It didn’t just go to Republicans?” Williams responded, “It went to 16 members of Congress, the chairman  —   Republican chairmen and Democratic ranking members in the House, and the opposite in the Senate. ” Matthews then asked, “So it did go  —   it didn’t just go to Republicans like the secretary said just then?” Williams then said, “Right. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett NBC, CBS and ABC spent 21 minutes Friday morning covering GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s boycott of the Fox News GOP primary debate, “while only managing 7 minutes for the GOP contenders who participated in the event,” according to the Media Research Center. [Media Research Center’s Kyle Drennen analyzed the morning television news coverage from the three networks and found:  While heavily skewed toward Trump, CBS provided the most balanced air time, giving the missing GOP frontrunner 8 minutes 30 seconds while providing 5 minutes 12 seconds to the debate. Both NBC and ABC had nearly identical slanted coverage. Today gave Trump 6 minutes 2 seconds versus 1 minute 8 seconds to the debate. GMA had 6 minutes 31 seconds for Trump and only 1 minute 23 seconds for the debate. Instead of attending the GOP debate, Trump held a fundraiser for veterans where he raised six million dollars, according to the Trump campaign. Thursday at the White House press briefing, press secretary Josh Earnest compared Congress overriding President Barack Obama’s veto of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (JASTA) to children in elementary school.  Earnest aid, “It’s hard to take at face value the suggestion that they were unaware of the consequences of their vote, but even if they were, what’s true in elementary school is true in the United States Congress, ignorance is not an excuse. Particularly when it comes to our national security and the safety and security of our diplomats and our service members. ” He added, “I’ll also say it’s a little hard to take that suggestion seriously when the arguments that are being made in this letter and in the public statements from some members of Congress are precisely the same arguments that senior administration officials have been making for months. ” (  Politico) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On the same day that he delivered an impassioned video “farewell address” to the 40 employees he laid off from his troubled media empire, Glenn Beck donned swim goggles and rubbed his face in a bowl of crushed Cheetos to mock GOP frontrunner Donald Trump. [“After seeing Donald Trump on television, we thought if you wore the swim goggles and you stuck your face in Cheetos  —   crushed Cheetos  —   that you would look just like Donald Trump in the end,” Beck explained.  He and his three radio   then proceeded to test this theory. The former radio shock jock first floated the crushed Cheetos stunt on his show yesterday after he and his   joked that Trump’s tanned face looked like an “orange raccoon. ”  Watch the full video above. Friday on ABC’s “Good Morning America,” Kellyanne Conway, the campaign manager for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, told   David Muir that Trump’s line from a night earlier at a rally in Charlotte, NC about his regret for some of his past remarks was “all him” and added that should incentive for those criticizing him to “some recognition and some forgiveness. ”  “He was talking about anyone who feels offended by anything he said, and that’s all him,” she said. “You know, he took extra time yesterday going over that speech with a pen, so that was a decision he made. Those are his words. And I hope that everybody who has criticized him at some point, David, for being insensitive or for mocking someone at least shows some recognition and some forgiveness. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton says she will “get to the bottom” of UFOs and space aliens during her presidential term, because we may have already experienced the quiet visitation of extraterrestrial beings. [“Yes, I’m going to get to the bottom of it,” Clinton told the New Hampshire newspaper Conway Daily Sun in an interview.  “I think we may have been (visited already). We don’t know for sure. ”  Though her husband Bill Clinton told Jimmy Kimmel that he checked it out and found no evidence that alien spacecrafts were ever recovered by the U. S. federal government, Hillary Clinton remains, like Scully of “ ” fame, an   skeptic. Though UFOs spotted near Roswell, New Mexico in the 1940s were likely experimental aircraft being tested during the Cold War, some   have put forth the view that Biblical angels were actually historic depictions of alien visitors.  OO. ready( function()  ) }) The Mayor of Cologne has suggested that local women observe a “Code of Conduct” so that they can avoid a repeat of New Year’s Eve when dozens were molested, mugged and, in at least one case, allegedly raped by an organised gang of around 1000 migrants from the Religion of Peace, Harmony and Social Cohesion (TM).    Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney (D) said on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” Saturday that GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump and his supporters want to “go back to the good old days” when   could not sit at the lunch counter or ride in the front of a bus.  “I think the whole concept of taking America back  —   from whom and for whom? I mean, Donald Trump and his folks want to go back to the good old days where you couldn’t sit at the lunch counter or ride in the front of the bus,” Kenney told MSNBC’s Joy Reid. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Saturday on MSNBC, the president for the National Organization for Women Terry O’Neill said that keeping women from having abortions is “preventing” them “from getting essential healthcare. ”  “Abortion care is on the spectrum of women’s reproductive healthcare that we need,” O’Neill explained. “One in three women will have an abortion by the age of 45. So, when you are talking about throwing up a web of restrictions and regulations and indeed criminal laws, like the fetal homicide laws, to stop women from having abortions, you’re really doing two things. You are preventing women from getting essential healthcare, which absolutely impacts  …    ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent WARNING: LANGUAGE]  Fox Sports 1’s Clay Travis hosted a show on live streaming app Periscope Thursday. In the show, Travis blasted Lena Dunham for saying sushi is “cultural appropriation. ” “If you don’t know who this b**** Lena Dunham is, she’s the girl who does ‘Girls.’ It’s an awful show on HBO. She’s like a wunderkind director because she’s famous and has all these friends and everything else. The show f****** sucks, and I hate this b****,” Travis explained. (  Daily Caller) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” “News One Now” host Roland Martin said Republican presidential   Donald Trump was a result of the GOP inviting “evil” and now it is taking over.  Martin said, “This is their problem. They invited evil in and now evil is taking over, OK.   …     The night of Obama’s inauguration, ‘We will stop him at every turn.’ They love the Tea Party anger. They took advantage of it in ’10, ’12, ’14. They said, we can control it and harness it. Now all of a sudden, Trump is taking advantage of it. The Republican establishment has to say, we played with fire. now it’s about to consume us. they have to accept some blame. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN A man at   Airport bathroom in Washington was caught allegedly trying to take a photo of a child who was in a bathroom stall, says a KIRO 7 report.  According to airport officials, the boy was in the bathroom stall when his dad caught a man said to be in his   trying to take a picture of the boy. The dad called 911 on the man, who was later taken to a holding cell until he can be transferred and charged. KIRO 7 reports the man will likely face voyeurism charges. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent HBO’s “Real Time” host Bill Maher said that finding out the locations where the Istanbul terrorists originated “is complicated for Hillary because all those places have paid for her speeches,” on Friday.  After criticizing presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s calls for waterboarding as “I will commit the best war crimes. No one does war crimes better than me, nobody, that I will tell you. ” Maher stated, “[W]e’re finding out about the there attackers in Istanbul. They were from Russia, Kyrgyzstan, and Uzbekistan. And this is complicated for Hillary because all those places have paid for her speeches, and it’s complicated for Trump because they provide him with wives. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett U. S. Sen. Richard Blumenthal ( )  —   rated as one of the most liberal senators in that chamber  —   said he hopes President Obama will promptly nominate someone to replace Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, who died suddenly on Saturday. [Blumenthal, a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, also said he was saddened by the death of Scalia, reports WFSB.  “The son of an immigrant, dedicated public servant, acerbic wit, and gifted writer and orator, Justice Scalia lived a   life,” he said in a statement. “I respected his intellect and patriotism. My thoughts are with his wife Maureen and their entire family. ” “My hope is that the President will promptly nominate someone with strong intellect and integrity who can win bipartisan support,” Blumenthal said. “I will work vigorously as a member of the Judiciary Committee to achieve confirmation. ” Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) is showing a new television ad ahead of Super Tuesday featuring Texas Governor Greg Abbott. [“It is our duty as Texas conservatives to support a leader we can trust,” Abbott says in the ad. “That’s why I am supporting Ted Cruz for president. The Ted Cruz we’ve seen in the Senate is the same Ted Cruz we elected.   “Conservatives values are at his core. Ted is a Constitutionalist. He’s principled. He’s fearless. Ted Cruz is our president. ” Two teenagers robbed a    boy of his cell phone at knifepoint in New York. [The boy, Alexis Gonzalez, was riding a bike in the Soundview section of the Bronx in New York when two teenagers threatened him with a box cutter and mugged him, CBS New York reports.  “They were trying to take my phone from my pocket, and then I said I don’t got nothing,” Gonzalez told CBS New York. One of the teens threatened him with the box cutter, while the other snatched his cell phone from his pocket. “They checked my pocket. Then they take a blade. Then they said if they don’t take the phone from me, they will cut me with a blade in my face,” Gonzalez said. Police said the boy is uninjured and that they are still looking for the suspects. Tuesday at a CNBC conference, former Speaker of the House of Representatives John Boehner ( ) said   Donald Trump was “not an ideologue” and that “he’s barely a Republican. ”  Boehner said, “Donald Trump is not an ideologue. I’ve said yesterday he’s barely a Republican. He could be barely a Democrat as well. So nobody really knows where he’s going, but he made it clear during the campaign what his issues are. I would expect things like infrastructure, tax reform, and this will surprise you, immigration reform. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” when asked if he should get out of the presidential race because he is dividing the   vote with Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) Republican presidential candidate Gov. John Kasich ( ) said no and added he should be thanked for beating Donald Trump in Ohio.  Kasich said, “Maybe Ted ought to get out, because he can’t win in the fall. Maybe these people that are hot on that ought to tell him to do it. They try to tell me to get out of the race how many times, and now they should be thanking me for staying in, because if Trump had won Ohio, it would be over. I have a record of accomplishment, a record of bringing people together, a vision for the future of this country. And guess what? in the grassroots, people are getting it. ” LONDON (AP)  —   BBC says its main news website and other sites were knocked offline due to an attack. [Service was out for more than three hours Thursday. Users received an error message and the broadcaster said on Twitter the outage was due to technical problems.  BBC later apologized for the outage. A news story posted on the website said it had been due to a “distributed denial of service” attack in which a website is swamped with more traffic than it can handle. This is a relatively common way to target a website and temporarily make it inaccessible. The reported attack hit a wide range of BBC websites and also affected the iPlayer and iPlayer Radio services. The corporation’s televised news service and live radio services remained on the air. The FBI publicly released their findings on Hillary Clinton’s private email server, but 14 pages in the   investigative summary are redacted. [Of the 58 total pages released by the FBI, several were heavily redacted portions, including a puzzling redaction of Clinton’s date of birth.  That means over 30 percent of the report remains secret, despite the FBI’s effort at transparency.  Earlier this month, Clinton’s campaign urged the FBI to release the material to the public, after Republican lawmakers began leaking portions of the documents to the press. “If these materials are going to be shared outside the Justice Department, they should be released widely so that the public can see them for themselves, rather than allow Republicans to mischaracterize them through selective, partisan leaks,” Brian Fallon, a spokesman for Clinton’s campaign said in a statement at the time. Leftwing Daily Show host Trevor Noah will speak at the House Democratic Caucus issues retreat next week in Baltimore, Maryland. [Politico reports the    South African native will join President Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and and party donor Tom Steyer in headlining multiple events throughout this   event.  Sources close to the annual winter meeting told Politico as as the keynote speaker, Noah will be joined by major speakers,   president Richard Trumka, Kahn Academy founder Salman Kahn, and author Simon Sinek. Last year, more than 180 Democratic representatives met in Philadelphia, PA for the policy retreat. President Obama’s motorcade was blamed for disrupting evening rush hour traffic, as authorities were forced toshut down portions of Interstate 95. The 2016 retreat will be using the theme “United for Opportunity. ” As host of The Daily Show, Noah has overseen a dramatic decline in overall ratings since taking over for predecessor Jon Stewart. WATCH: ”Enough with the pussyfooting around. .. do you support us or do you not support us?”  @KellyannePolls on Republican support for Trump pic. twitter.  Wednesday on ABC’s “Good Morning America,” while discussing the growing rift between Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, Trump’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said Republican leaders need to stop “pussyfooting around,” and support Trump.  Conway said, “Well we want the support of anybody who’s going to publicly endorse us. But enough of the pussyfooting around in terms of, you know, do you support us or do you not support us? And the fact is that some of these leaders have been very  . I think that Paul Ryan has a job to do to keep the majority in Congress, and the new president of the United States will go ahead and be with him to help get legislation through. ” (  RCP) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Turkey is convinced Arab countries were involved in Friday night’s failed coup attempt against President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, an Arab intelligence source told Breitbart Jerusalem. [The source said that Ankara believes the UAE and Egypt, two of the bitterest enemies of the Muslim Brotherhood in the Arab world, sought to undermine Erdogan’s regime, one of the movement’s staunchest allies and sponsors. If Gulan indeed visited the UAE, the Turks will have their smoking gun. They are also looking into the role played by Mohammed Dahlan, formerly a top Palestinian Authority official, who is currently a close adviser to Prince Muhammad Bin Zayed, the heir to the UAE throne, and their ally President Abdel Fatah Sisi of Egypt. Turkey sees Dahlan as the centerpiece of an international   Brotherhood network. Vice President Joe Biden argued that “Building walls is fundamentally contrary to what made this country what it is” and “the United States erecting a wall  …    makes a lie of everything we say about ourselves” in an interview broadcast on Thursday’s “Rachel Maddow Show” on MSNBC.  Biden said, “Building walls is fundamentally contrary to what made this country what it is. We’re a pluralistic society, and it functions. Look around the world. Every other country where there’s absolute chaos now, what is it? They’re pluralistic without consensus. Look at almost every single country, from Syria, to Iraq, to Iran, to Ukraine. No matter where it is. And I just think it is totally counter to our tradition. Should we have border security? Yes. But the idea of the United States erecting a wall, for the world to see, makes a lie of everything we say about ourselves. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, posted on Twitter that 83 percent of Fox News viewers surveyed said they won’t watch the Fox News GOP primary debate on Thursday without Trump participating. [“POLL: Without Trump 83% Say They WILL NOT Watch GOP Debate,” Lewandowski posted on Twitter.  Fox News’s Greta Van Susteren polled her viewers on whether or not they will watch Thursday’s debate with Trump not participating. More than 83 percent have said they will not be watching the debate. Three Hispanic men in Georgia have been charged for trespassing on the property of David Grant of Dalton, Ga. who had a “Trump for President” campaign sign in his yard, as well as threatening him.[  reports:  On Tuesday, he says three people walked by his yard and apparently didn’t like who he believed in. One man snatched Grant’s Trump for President yard sign and threw it into the street. Grant was outside when it happened, and had words for the trio. “I said you got one choice. Come and fix this sign!” said Grant. Grant says he wasn’t going to let the men get away without putting his sign back, but the two adult males and teenager became aggressive. “He said you are about to get a cap popped in your a**! Then he started patting his stomach and then showed a handgun,” said Grant. The men then fled, but were later caught by the police. According to   “Mauricio Rodriguez, Hector Ayala, and Alexander Moreno were all charged with violation of Georgia’s Criminal Street Gang Act. ” Familiar faces join the protagonists of Gears of War 4 in this gameplay trailer. In discussing media criticisms of Donald Trump as a “fascist,” Duck Dynasty star, Duck Commander Phil Robertson, told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon of those outlets, “What they actually are, they’re controlled by “Satan,” or “the evil one. ”[“There’s two great powers at work. There’s good —  that’s God —  and evil. You have the larger portion who are controlled by the evil one,” said Robertson.  His comments came during a conversation about America today from a spiritual perspective. The U. S. said Robertson, “is in a spiritual crisis, no doubt about that. ” Among other topics, he discussed the general welfare of America in religious terms. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. The full interview is below. Support for Britain to leave the European Union stood at 43 percent, ahead of support to stay within the   bloc, which stood at 39 percent, according to an online survey taken by pollster Opinium for the Observer newspaper. [The poll of 1, 966 adults, who were interviewed ahead of a referendum to stay in the European Union on June 23, found that 18 percent of respondents were undecided. Today Milo will speak at Texas Tech in Lubbock, TX in a discussion entitled, “Why Do Lesbians Fake So Many Hate Crime Hoaxes? ”[The talk begins at 8:00 PM EST (7 PM CST) at the Matador Room on 15th Street  Akron Avenue, Boston Ave. The expected crowd is around 200 people.  If you live near Texas Tech and want to attend, you can acquire tickets for the event by visiting this link. This is the fist stage of the second leg of Milo’s “Dangerous Faggot” tour around America’s college campuses. Past events brought numerous bouts of chaos, including the infamous red paint debacle at Rutgers University, the stage storming at DePaul University, the Trigglypuff temper tantrum at UMass, and many more. Now equipped with a fabulous new tour bus, Milo is set to trigger even more campus snowflakes. You can watch the event via livestream below.  From the BBC:  The star, who launched his career with Wham! in the 1980s and later continued his success as a solo performer, is said to have “passed away peacefully at home”. Thames Valley Police said South Central Ambulance Service attended a property in Goring in Oxfordshire at 13:42 GMT. Police say there were no suspicious circumstances. In a statement, the star’s publicist said: “It is with great sadness that we can confirm our beloved son, brother and friend George passed away peacefully at home over the Christmas period. “The family would ask that their privacy be respected at this difficult and emotional time. There will be no further comment at this stage. ” Read the rest of the Story here: On Saturday, MSNBC interviewed Dane Waters of Delegates Unbound, a group trying to get the Republican National Convention to adopt rules that allow delegates to “unbind” themselves from the GOP’s Donald Trump.  Waters said that not unbinding the delegates is “an assault to democracy. ” “The delegates are angry. They are angry, outraged at what happened. What we’re there to do is help them make it clear to the rest of the world that they are outraged, they’re unhappy and they’re angry, unhappy. What happened is an assault to democracy, in my opinion. It flies in the face of everything the Republican party stands for and can’t be allowed to stand,” Waters told MSNBC’s Jacob Soboroff. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton took the subway in New York City Thursday, but not before running into the same problem many New York residents run into every day.  CNN footage captured the moment the former New York senator attempted to scan a MetroCard at a Bronx subway station during a campaign visit. The subway trip was aimed at fellow Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) who recently told the New York Daily News he still thought the subway used tokens. As Clinton got on the subway Thursday, she said, “I think it was my first term when we changed from tokens to MetroCards. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent WASHINGTON (AP)  —   Trust in the news media is being eroded by perceptions of inaccuracy and bias, fueled in part by Americans’ skepticism about what they read on social media. [advertisement (Reuters)  —   A   company won U. S. government permission on Wednesday to send a robotic lander to the moon next year, the firm’s founder said, marking the first time the United States has cleared a private space mission to fly beyond Earth’s orbit. [The Federal Aviation Administration’s unprecedented   for the Moon Express mission also sets a legal and regulatory framework for a host of other commercial expeditions to the moon, asteroids and Mars.  As approved by the FAA’s Office of Commercial Space Transportation, the privately held Moon Express, headquartered in Cape Canaveral, plans to fly a   lander to the moon for a   mission in 2017, said the company founder and chief executive Bob Richards. The spacecraft will carry a number of science experiments and some commercial cargo on its   trip to the lunar surface, including cremated human remains, and will beam back pictures and video to Earth, the company said. Read the rest of the story at Reuters. Per a KCTV5 report, a woman in Oklahoma City, OK is accused of forcing a crucifix down her daughter’s throat and watching her die.  Court documents say Juanita Gomez attacked her    daughter, Geneva Gomez, because she was “possessed by the devil. ” “She kept mumbling ‘devil’ and ‘money,’” described Frankie Merlos, boyfriend of Geneva Gomez for five years. Merlos says he tried to leave and call police, but Juanita Gomez attacked him, too. “I just shoved her, pushed her out of the way so I could run, and then she tried to, like, choke me. I ran to the car, and locked the car, and called 911,” he recalled. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo DES MOINES, IOWA —   Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina went after former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton by saying she is, “trying for the White House, but she’s probably more qualified for the Big House. ”[Fiorina went after Clinton over the federal investigation into her private email server Thursday night at the Republican presidential debate hosted by Fox News.  “The woman should be prosecuted,” Fiorina said. “She’s escaped prosecution more times than El Chapo. ” Fiorina also went after Clinton for staying with her husband, former president Bill Clinton, despite his extramarital affairs. “If my husband did what Bill Clinton did, I would have left him long ago,” she said. Friday on ABC’s “Good Morning America,” reporter Tom Llamas covered the attacks on Trump supporters outside of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s rally in San Jose, CA last night.  Llamas said the   mob was not protests but “pure attacks” on Trump supporters “men, woman and even the elderly” attempting to leave the rally. He continued, “Overnight,   brawls outside the Trump rally in San Jose, CA. Trump supporters harassed, beaten and bloodied by mobs of protesters. ” He added, “Many of the people we saw were young men and young woman who were here to do only one thing which was throw punches. One more than one occasion we did see young people throwing up gang signs in those mobs of protesters. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Thursday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Special Report,” columnist Charles Krauthammer argued that the Clinton Foundation is “a kind of a racket. It’s a place, it’s a holding pen for Clinton Inc. It’s a way to bring money in to launder it” that needs to be shut down.  Krauthammer said, [relevant remarks begin around 3:15] “The fact that the Clintons are announcing that they would not take this or that donation is irrelevant. They need to shut it down. They should have been shut down at the beginning. It really is a kind of a racket. It’s a place, it’s a holding pen for Clinton Inc. It’s a way to bring money in to launder it and to push it out into the hands of their  . That’s what it’s done. It’s been extremely effective. But, you know, how many times do you have to occupy the White House? If you do it twice, you know you’re going to have a comfortable retirement. You don’t need this. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Vice President Joe Biden said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton  has been “battered and beaten,” over the “mistakes,” she has made in the past.  Biden said, “She cares about the people struggling. That’s been who she is. Look, as I said, I know her well. She has been so batter and beaten. We all make mistakes. She has made mistakes, too. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Rome (AFP)  —   About 4, 500 migrants were rescued from rubber dinghies in the Mediterranean on Thursday, the Italian coastguard said, averting another potential high seas disaster. [advertisement Donald Trump corrected former House Speaker Newt Gingrich after he said on television that the   was no longer interested in draining the swamp. [Trump wrote on Twitter:  Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase ”DRAIN THE SWAMP” was no longer being used by me. Actually, we will always be trying to DTS.  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 22, 2016,  In a video he posted on Twitter, Gingrich quickly apologized for “mischaracterizing” Trump’s position. “I want to report that I made a big ” a humbled Gingrich responded in a Twitter video, revealing that he spoke to Trump after his comment. “I want all of you to know I goofed. Draining the swamp is in,” Gingrich responded. “The alligators should be worried”: I goofed. Draining the swamp is in, @realDonaldTrump is going to do it, and the alligators should be worried. #DTS https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Newt Gingrich (@newtgingrich) December 22, 2016,  Monday in Cincinnati at the 107th NAACP convention, presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said white Americans need to “recognize our privilege and and practice humility. ”  Clinton said, “We white Americans need to do a better job of listening when   talk about the seen and unseen barriers you face everyday. We need to recognize our privilege and and practice humility, rather than assume our experiences are everyone’s experiences. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The Democratic National Committee’s platform committee voted down the $15 minimum wage hike that Bernie Sanders has been fighting for throughout his   populist campaign. [The platform’s inability to add the minimum wage hike could dampen Clinton’s chances to unify her party. Sanders is technically still running for president ahead of Philadelphia’s Democratic convention. Sanders has not endorsed Clinton, but said Friday that he will probably vote for Clinton. It is unclear whether Sanders still has a shot to win the Democratic nomination at a contested convention.   The BBC Reports: An Iranian nuclear scientist detained since 2010 has been executed, his family has told the BBC. [Shahram Amiri’s mother said the body of her son had been returned to their hometown with rope marks around his neck, showing that he had been hanged. He was later buried.  Amiri had been held at a secret location after returning from the US, where he said he had been forcibly taken by the CIA. Some reports say he had   knowledge of Iran’s nuclear programme.   …    US officials told the BBC at the time that Mr Amiri had defected of his own free will and provided “useful information” to the US. Read the full story.   Thursday on MSNBC while discussing Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein raising enough money online to initiate recounts of the presidential vote in the swing states of Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, host Craig Melvin said it was his “own personal theory,” that this could be an early effort to “delegitimize”   Donald Trump before he is sworn in.  Melvin said, “I would like to float another theory out there  my own personal theory perhaps, that this could be an effort, an early effort to try and delegitimize a president before he’s sworn in. If you can create this idea, plant this seed with a significant number of people in the country, that it was rigged —  oh, the irony —  then, perhaps, maybe that’s  —   maybe that’s part of it. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN During a conversation about San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick’s protests, rapper Lil Wayne was asked Tuesday on Fox Sports 1’s “Undisputed” what he had seen regarding race relations in his life.  Lil Wayne began by saying people would not want to hear his answer because he has been blessed his whole life, but he said he has never dealt with racism. “Skip, they wouldn’t want to ask me that. They wouldn’t want my answer to represent it because God knows I have been nothing but blessed my whole path. These 33 years have been nothing but a blessing. I have never  —   never is a strong word  —   never dealt with racism, and I’m glad I didn’t have to. I don’t know if it’s because of my blessings, but it is my reality. So I would have to say, not only I thought it was over, I still believe it’s over, but, obviously, it isn’t,” he told   Skip Bayless. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Watch a rundown of the new features, weapons, and missions coming free to Destiny: The Taken King. Dallas Cowboys Hall of Fame wide receiver and NFL Network analyst Michael Irvin told TMZ Sports that Cowboys owner Jerry Jones could fix troubled Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel, who is speculated to be released by the team who drafted him in the first round as soon as possible.  “I do believe whenever a man connects with the right person, and Jerry Jones is one of the right people, that can reach down inside the kid and pull out the king. There’s a king in every kid, even though he runs astray,” Irvin said. He then blasted the Browns for not doing more to help Manziel with his struggles. “Cleveland doesn’t have any d —   body that can help him do that. They’re trying to save their own life. Forget about trying to save his. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Thursday on MSNBC’s Democratic presidential primary debate, candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) declared the business model of Wall Street to be “fraud. ”  Sanders said, “Wall Street is an entity of unbelievable economic and political power. That’s fact. I want to say something and it may sound harsh, not to you, but to the American people. In my view, the business model of Wall Street is fraud. It’s fraud. I believe that corruption is rampant and the fact that major bank after major bank has reached   dollar settlements with the United States government, when we have a weak regulatory system tells me that not only did we have to bail them out once, if we don’t start breaking them up, we’ll have to bail them out again. I do not want to see that happen. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN From the Daily Mail: BEIRUT (AP)  —   The international medical charity Doctors Without Borders says a hospital it supports specializing in pediatrics in a   northern Syria province has been destroyed by airstrikes that killed 13 people, including five children. [The group, known by its French acronym MSF, said Monday that two of four airstrikes hit the hospital directly and put it out of service. The group said the broad daylight airstrikes Saturday killed four hospital staff, five children, two women and two others. The bombing also destroyed the operating theatre, intensive care unit, pediatric department, ambulances and a generator.  “The direct bombing of another hospital in Syria is an outrage,” says Silvia Dallatomasina, medical manager of MSF operations in northwestern Syria. Hospitals, mostly in   areas, are regularly attacked. In July alone, 44 attacks were reported. Thursday in Waterloo, IA, while campaigning for his wife Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, former President Bill Clinton told a protestor shouting, “You’re a rapist” that his “problem” was his choice in media outlets.  Clinton said, “Give that guy a hand. They’ve had a very bad week in the Trump campaign. He feels bad. Give him a hand. Give him a hand. The problem is if you only listen to one television station and nobody ever tells you the truth, you get like that. ” He added, “That’s what’s wrong with American politics. I don’t want you to treat them the way they treat you. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump tested out a new nickname for likely Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton on Friday, “Heartless Hillary. ”[“Hillary wants to disarm vulnerable Americans in   neighborhoods,” Trump told the crowd of roughly 7, 000 people attending the   Leadership Forum in Louisville, Kentucky.  Trump said Clinton wants people to be defenseless. “And by the way, you have men and you have women sitting in an apartment, and outside is tremendous crime, tremendous crime of all [kinds] and they need to be protected,” Trump added. He said taking a gun away from people makes for an unfair situation because it’s how they can protect themselves. “And that’s why we’re going to call her ‘Heartless Hillary,’” Trump jabbed, adding, “Somehow, I like ‘Crooked Hillary’ better. ” “Crooked Hillary” is the nickname Trump previously coined Clinton. On Wednesday, Polling Company President and CEO Kellyanne Conway, who does polling and analysis for a   super PAC pointed out that CNN’s polling wasn’t reflected in the results in Iowa on CNN’s “New Day. ”  Conway said, that South Carolina’s polling is “all over the place. ” And “I would note that the CNN poll that has Mr. Trump way ahead, the last CNN poll before Iowa had Mr. Trump at 41. He got 24. It had Cruz at 19. He got 28. So, I think some polls overestimate, some polls underestimate. ” She added, “We have an enormous ground game. The campaign has a ground game. You saw what that did in Iowa. And I think that the fight here is for number 2 and number 3. And then going to Nevada, which is a caucus, which  . ” Follow Breitbart. TV on Twitter @BreitbartVideo NEW YORK  —  Topless women protested inside Donald Trump’s polling precinct in Midtown Manhattan on Election Day. [WABC, an   reports the two women were arrested.  The incident occurred more than an hour before the Republican nominee arrived to cast his vote at P. S. 59. The women reportedly entered the precinct and then took off their tops. They also made   remarks. Topless protesters target Trump in Manhattan #ElectionDay pic. twitter.   —   news10nbc (@news10nbc) November 8, 2016,    On Friday, HBO’s “Real Time” host Bill Maher commented on Democratic presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders’ ( ) victory over fellow candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton by saying that Clinton hadn’t been hurt this badly by a Jewish person since Monica Lewinsky.  Maher stated, “Bernie Sanders trounced Hillary Clinton by 22 points. The last time, I got to say a Jew hurt Hillary this bad, was Monica Lewinsky. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Tuesday on MSNBC’s  “Morning Joe. ” Rep. Peter King ( ) said he “hates” Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) adding he’ll “take cyanide” if Cruz wins the Republican nomination.  After the panel teased King about his dislike of Cruz King said, “First off in case anyone is confused. I’m not endorsing Ted Cruz. I hate Ted Cruz. I think I’ll take cyanide if he ever got the nomination. Having said that I think you’ll see Donald Trump scoring a big victory tonight. I did not endorse Donald Trump. I actually voted absentee John Kasich. I’m not endorsing John but I voted for him really to send a message. ” On this weekend’s broadcast of  “Fox News Sunday,” conservative talk radio host Rush Limbaugh said there was a “much bigger upside than downside” if Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ends up winning the GOP nomination.  Limbaugh said, “I think with the case of Trump, there’s a much bigger upside than downside. A lot of people disagree with me on this. But the people who want somebody not of  Washington, it’s serious this time. The disconnect between the Republican establishment and the Democratic establishment and the people of this country is longer, broader, wider than I have ever seen it. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN,   HBO host Bill Maher joked about Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and former Vice President Dick Cheney dying on Friday’s “Real Time. ”  After talking about the sudden death of the space invaders in the “War of the Worlds” movie, Maher stated, “That’s my fantasy. Trump will be up there one day, ‘I am the greatest  —  . ’” Maher then mimicked Trump dying. Later, he said, “I’ll just say this, something spooky, a little bit spooky is going here  —   going on here at ‘Real Time.’ Because two weeks ago, I mentioned Antonin Scalia, and he died later that night. And last week, I mentioned Nancy Reagan, and she died the next day. So this is a reminder life is short, we all have to go sometime, and a quick story about Dick Cheney. ” He added, “I don’t wish Dick Cheney dead, okay? I can’t control that anyway. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Bloomberg’s John Heilemann said Saturday on MSNBC that people backing Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton “shoot blanks” when asked why Clinton is better than fellow candidate Bernie Sanders.  “I asked Congressman [Jim] Clyburn yesterday. I said, ‘Look, explain to me on policy why Hillary Clinton is better for the   community than Bernie Sanders,’” Heilemann stated. “On policy, on what they will do. And they always kind of shoot blanks on that question. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Detroit, MI police were shown video of a couple having sexual intercourse on the city sidewalk, about a half of a block away from where the home of Detroit Tigers, Comerica Park.  Capt. Darin Szilagy told ClickonDetroit the video is “disturbing and very hard to watch,” adding that the homeless and mentally ill have become more of a concern in downtown Detroit in recent years. Detroit police said they have increased their patrol downtown to try to prevent similar incidents from happening again. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo From the New York Times Editorial Board: advertisement Thursday at the 2016 Republican National Convention in Cleveland, OH, while Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was giving his speech, he was interrupted by a protester from Code Pink. The crowd chanted “USA USA” as the protester, believed to be Madea Benjamin, was led away by security.  Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Monday on Fox News Channel’s “You World,” Milwaukee Co. WI Sheriff David Clarke weighed in on the “diversity coalition” Republican presidential   Donald Trump hosted earlier in the day at Trump Tower in New York City.  One of Clarke’s takeaways was that it was better than “groveling at the altar of Al Sharpton. ” “Look, there is a diversity of thought that is growing within the black community across the United States,” Clarke said. “It’s small right now. Many are afraid to come out and state how they really feel because of the backlash. They see that I left the plantation. I think for myself and they see what happens to me. So I think it’s going to take a little time. But I tell you what  —   I’m glad to see that Donald Trump did not go groveling at the altar of Al Sharpton and pandering to him trying to get the black vote, or trying to figure out what’s going on in the black community from that charlatan. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor From Hope King writing at CNN:  Snapchat thought it had found a way to have a little fun on Wednesday, April 20, with a Bob Marley themed graphic. But the company went a little too far, according to irate users online. To acknowledge   known as “Weed Day,” Snapchat created a special “lens” that morphed people’s faces into Bob Marley, the late reggae icon. The lens added dreadlocks, a crochet slouch cap, changed the shape of eyes and noses, and darkened skin color. People flooded Twitter with accusations that Snapchat had created a blackface filter. Read the rest of the story at CNN. Dixie Chicks singer Natalie Maines attacked Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) on Twitter saying that she is “ashamed Ted Cruz claims to be American. ”[This isn’t the first time Maines has criticized a Republican politician. The   singer attacked   George W. Bush in 2003, by saying that she was: “ashamed the president of the United States is from Texas. ” The comments led to some country radio stations pulling her music from playlists.  Just so you know  …    . I’m ashamed Ted Cruz is from America) pic. twitter.   —   Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) January 24, 2016,  I stand corrected  …    Just so you know, I’m ashamed Ted Cruz claims to be American. pic. twitter.   —   Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) January 24, 2016,  On the Friday edition of Breitbart News Daily, on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon will wrap up our live coverage of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland and assess the acceptance speech of GOP nominee Donald Trump and his path to victory. [We’ll hear from Citizens United’s David Bossie, Duck Dynasty’s Duck Commander Phil Robertson, and veteran pollster Pat Caddell.  We’ll also hear from Breitbart editors and correspondents live in Cleveland. Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   . TORONTO (AP)  —   Toronto police say they are confident they have made a positive identification of the fan who threw a beer at Baltimore outfielder Hyun Soo Kim during the seventh inning of Tuesday night’s AL   game. [Police spokeswoman Meaghan Gray said they expect to provide an update later Thursday. The man alleged to have thrown the beer has come forward, telling the Canadian Press he contacted police Wednesday evening after police released a photo of him. Ken Pagan says he could not say much else. Police have not confirmed his name.  Postmedia Network spokeswoman Phyllise Gelfand confirmed that Pagan is a copy editor for the news organization and says it is conducting an investigation. Toronto police detective Pat Alberga has said security camera footage inside the stadium helped identify the suspect. Wednesday on “Inside Edition,” Paula Jones, the former Arkansas state employee who accused former President Bill Clinton of sexual harassment and was paid $850, 000 by Clinton in an    settlement, said she is unhappy Bill is campaigning for his wife, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.  Jones said, “I can’t believe he’s got the nerve to do it. How can you go out there, show you face, and talk to people like nothing has happened?” When asked about Bill saying Hillary is a good leader for women, Jones added, “No, that just makes me sick. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Friday at the United Nations, actor Leonardo DiCaprio, the U. N. Messenger of Peace, urged world leaders to leave fossil fuels “in the ground where they belong. ”  “Our planet cannot be saved, unless we leave fossil fuels in the ground, where they belong,” said in his address to the United Nations. “An upheaval, a massive change is required right now, one that leads to a new collective consciousness, a new collective evolution of the human race, inspired and enabled by a sense of urgency from all of you,” DiCaprio continued. “You are the last best hope of earth,” he added. “We ask you to protect it or we and all living things we cherish are history. ” (  Grabien) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s wife, Sara, was questioned under advisement for five hours on Thursday on suspicions of using public funds to pay for private expenses. [Mrs. Netanyahu cooperated with the investigators and denied the suspicions against her.  She arrived at the offices of the police’s Lahav 433 unit with documents and cheque stubs to support her claims. At this stage, investigators plan on processing the documents and other investigative material and comparing Mrs. Netanyahu’s answers to those given by PMO deputy director general Ezra Seidoff, who was questioned at an earlier date and claimed that all of the expenses were made in accordance with the law, and that every expense listed was approved by a special committee. Read more at ynetnews. com On Breitbart News Saturday, host and Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon will broadcast live coverage of the   rallies in London, New York City, and Phoenix, Arizona. [Breitbart News has sent teams of reporters, videographers, and photographers to capture planned major demonstrations in Europe and the United States against the GOP frontrunner.  From Trafalgar Square in the heart of London to Trump Tower in the heart of New York City, Breitbart News will be there to capture it all. Tune in to the live coverage tomorrow on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 10AM to 1PM EST. Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   . PHILADELPHIA, Pennsylvania  —   The swelling numbers of leftist protesters surrounding the Democratic National Convention (DNC) are helping to lower the various groups’ inhibitions about showing their true intentions. Signs promoting Black Lives Matter can be seen waving next to signs calling for the destruction of Israel as the protesters chant, “Long live Palestine! ”[  The association between groups supporting Black Lives Matter and groups wanting to end the existence of Israel were made abundantly clear in the crowd. Several signs called for a “Free Palestine from the river to the sea. ” The crowd and the signs can be seen in the image above. As this article is filed and published, hundreds of protesters can be heard yelling, “Black Lives Matter!” Follow Brandon Darby on Twitter and like him on Facebook.   LONDON (Reuters)  —   Islamic State militants are using turmoil sown by Russian President Vladimir Putin’s bombing in Syria to plot attacks against the United Kingdom and her allies, Britain’s foreign intelligence chief said on Thursday.  Who are The UK’s spies? Hear from the new head of MI6 Alex Younger https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   BBC Newsbeat (@BBCNewsbeat) December 8, 2016,  Wednesday in Des Moines, IA, in addressing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s comments about the Second Amendment a day earlier, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said her opponent was attempting a “casual inciting of violence. ”  Clinton said,”Let me say something about what I think is a critical difference between my opponent and myself. Words matter, my friends. And if you are running to be president or you are president of the United States, words can have tremendous consequences. Yesterday we witnessed the latest in the long line of casual comments from Donald Trump that cross the line. His casual cruelty to a Gold Star family, his casual suggestion that more countries should have nuclear weapons. And now his casual inciting of violence. Every single one of these incidents shows us that Donald Trump simply does not have the temperament to be president and commander in chief of the United States. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Tuesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Bloomberg Politics Managing Editor Mark Halperin predicted that at least one judge will lean on the precedent created by the decision not to indict Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for her emails and say, “if Hillary Clinton can get off, other people can get off. ”  Halperin said, “What the FBI director did was quite extraordinary. He claimed he wanted to be open. He’s not answered questions from the media about what he did. He answered questions from Congress. And now it’s going to be up to a lot of federal judges to decide whether  —   and prosecutors, to decide whether precedents were set in this case, and I think there will be at least one judge who goes hard after this precedent, and basically says, if Hillary Clinton can get off, other people can get off. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett On this weekend’s broadcast of  “Fox News Sunday,” Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump would not rule out running as a   candidate if he doesn’t win the GOP nomination.  When asked by host Chris Wallace if he would “rule out” running as ta   candidate, Trump said, “I’m by far the  . I want to run as a Republican. I will beat Hillary Clinton. ” Wallace continued, “But if you don’t get the nomination?” Trump answered, “We are going to have to see how I was treated. I’m going to have to see how I was treated. Very simple   …     It’s not a question of win or lose, it’s a question of treatment. I want to be treated fair. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN TMZ Sports spoke with comedian George Lopez about Tiger Woods and   Donald Trump reportedly golfing together today.  “That’s just a couple of white dudes playing golf,” Lopez told the reporter. He added, “Listen, all the golfers are Republicans. Everybody knows that. So, Tiger’s a Republican, and Tiger voted for Trump. You know, you vote for Trump, that would be your dude that you would want to golf with. I didn’t vote for him so I wouldn’t golf with him. ” Lopez went on to say he has previously golfed with the   and Trump “cheated like a motherf*****. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” Sen. Cory Booker ( ) said praised the protesters of   Donald Trump.  Booker said, “I’m sitting here right now having this conversation with you because of the tradition of American protest. I have my rights, not because of Washington, Strom Thurmond and others, suddenly deciding let’s give people rights but because of the voice of protesters. So when you have a president that in his campaign who ran saying things that not aren’t just contrary to fact but literally threatening to use presidential power in a way that would erode the rights and privileges and equality of large sections of Americans, God bless the protesters. But I will tell you this. i caution anyone who in their protest becomes the very thing that they’re protesting against. Meaning, turning to hateful speech, violating principles and ideals that are sacred in this country. We need to raise our voices, but we do not need to indulge in hate. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Wednesday in Carlisle, PA while campaigning for her mother Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, Chelsea Clinton responded to a question about Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying that Hillary Clinton does not have a “presidential look. ”  When asked about the comment, Chelsea Clinton said, “Where to begin? Or maybe just I hope that everyone could see that as the sad, misogynistic, sexist rhetoric that I hoped we had moved beyond in the 21st century, certainly in 2016. ” (  Politico) Colin Powell shared his unvarnished opinion of the Clintons, in an email he sent to Democratic financier Jeffrey Leeds in 2014. [Powell described Hillary Clinton as having “a long track record, unbridled ambition, greedy, and not transformational. ”  He also described Bill Clinton as “still dicking bimbos at home,” apparently citing reports from the New York Post.  “I would rather not have to vote for her, although she is a friend I respect,” Powell wrote in the email to Leeds. Emails from Powell’s personal address were hacked and leaked on the website DCLeaks. com. The email was first reported by Will Rahn, a managing editor for politics at CBS News. advertisement GOP presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson tells Fox News on Saturday about a meeting between him and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) that took place after the Conservative Review’s Conservative Convention in Greenville, South Carolina on Thursday. [“We made changes,” Carson said when he found wrongdoing in his own campaign, implying Cruz should do the same. “You just don’t accept it. ”  “That’s what responsible people do,” he jabbed. Cruz had approached Carson about having a private meeting to discuss the controversy, which occurred during the Iowa caucus. Cruz’s campaign supporters told voters news reports said Carson was “suspending campaigning,” so they should vote for Cruz instead of Carson. Carson didn’t appear pleased with the meeting, but told Fox News’ Neil Cavuto, “It’s water under the bridge. ” “I’m ready to move on,” he added. A Quinnipiac poll released Friday shows that Republican frontrunner Donald Trump still holds a national lead over his GOP rivals. Trump earns 31% support, a +9 point lead over second place Ted Cruz (22%). Pulling into third is Marco Rubio with 19%. Everyone else is at 6% and below. There is little love for the governors  —   Jeb Bush, John Kasich and Chris Christie  —   who are all tied up at 3%.  In this particular poll, since the middle of December, Trump has picked up +3 points. Cruz has lost   points.  Rubio has surged +7.  Ben Carson lost   dropping from 10% to just 6%. Christie lost half his support, dropping   points, from 6% to just 3%. The good news for Trump is that he went from being just +4 points ahead of second place Cruz in December to now being +9 points up. In the Real Clear Politics poll of polls, Trump leads his GOP rivals by +12. 5%.   Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said political correctness was killing Americans and although he dislikes the concept, the United States is going to have to look seriously at profiling terror suspects.  Trump said, “Everybody wants to be so politically correct and they want to do what is right and afraid to do anything. the words are killing us, political correctness. ” When asked about profiling Trump said, “Well, I think profiling is something that we’re going to have to start thinking about as a country and other countries do it. You look at Israel you look at others, they do it. They do it successfully. I hate the concept of profiling, but we have to start using common sense and we have to use  —   use our heads  …     We really have to look at profiling. We have to look at is seriously. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Friday in Green Bay, WI at a campaign rally, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said his opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton was “a monster. ”  Trump said, “In one way she is a monster. Okay? Look at what happened. Look at her history. In another way she is a weak person. She is actually not strong enough to be president. So she has got both. But she is not strong enough to be president. She will be a disaster. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Bill Maher, the host of HBO’s “Real Time,” mocked Congressional Democrats’ gun control   as “like a toddler in the cereal aisle” on Friday.  Maher said, “I mean, do we need any more proof how dysfunctional this Congress is when they’re literally sitting on the floor like a toddler in the cereal aisle? They said they were going to stay there until gun control passed or mom buys  . Several of the House members were asked how long they were willing to keep their protest going by staying seated on the floor, and they said, until hell freezes over, or one day. One day. I’ve waited longer for the cable guy. are you f*cking kidding me? Stop guns? They didn’t even stop the cleaning crew from coming in and shampooing the rugs. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Speaker Paul Ryan’s primary challenger Paul Nehlen discussed his latest ad hitting Ryan for his   “drug problem” today with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon. [Said Nehlen of Ryan, “His failure to secure this border has created a new underground railroad for transporting, not only illegal aliens into this country but illegal narcotics, as well.   …     We’re losing more American lives to ‘narco terror’ in Chicago and Milwaukee today, than Islamic terror in Afghanistan and Iraq. ” Nehlen says he’s not minimizing the threat from Islamic Terrorism but “dead is dead, whether it’s a bullet from ISIS, or Mexican Heroin. ”  Added Nehlen, “DC politicians are the first ones to keep soda and salt away from our kids, when you try to keep a child from dying from a $5 Heroin pill, they’re noticeably silent. ” The ad is below: Breitbart News Daily airs from 6 a. m. to 9 a. m. Eastern weekdays on SiriusXM Patriot 125.  From Kristin Salaky writing at Talking Points Memo: Donald Trump brought the families of people killed by undocumented immigrants onstage with him to speak at a Thursday night rally in California. Trump said he found the families taking pictures outside of his rally and asked them to come onstage and share their stories. “He’s going to do everything he says,” Jamiel Shaw, whose son was shot and killed by an undocumented immigrant in 2008, said. “That’s why everybody is so scared right now because they know change is coming. Change is coming. ”   …     “We demand Americans first,” Shaw said. “We don’t care about illegal aliens. Americans first. First means first. ” Read the rest of the story at Talking Points Memo. Protesters outside presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump’s Tuesday rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico jumped on police cars in footage broadcast by CNN.  Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Tuesday on WTMJ’s “Midday with Charlie Sykes,” while discussing a controversial tweet from presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump featuring an image of Hillary Clinton, money and a   star likened to the Star of David, Speaker of the House Rep. Paul Ryan ( ) said “  images, they’ve got no place in a presidential campaign. ”  Ryan said,“Look,   images, they’ve got no place in a presidential campaign. Candidates should know that. The tweet’s been deleted. I don’t know what flunky put this up there. They obviously have to fix that. We’ve got to get back to the issues that matter to the public. ” He added, “Look I’ve made this really really clear, the point is, I think he has got to clean this up. My understand is this was done by staff and not by he himself. But more importantly they’ve got to clean this thing up. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Likely Republican nominee Donald Trump responded to Speaker of the House Paul Ryan’s statement earlier Thursday that he’s “not ready” to support Trump. [“I am not ready to support Speaker Ryan’s agenda,” Trump said in an emailed statement. “Perhaps in the future we can work together and come to an agreement about what is best for the American people. They have been treated so badly for so long that it is about time for politicians to put them first!”  Trump’s comment mirrored Ryan’s earlier statement. “I’m just not ready to do that at this point. I’m not there right now,” Ryan said earlier on Thursday during an appearance on CNN about whether or not he’ll support Trump. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s lead in Pennsylvania is down to just two points, according to the latest poll released by CNN. [The poll shows that 46 percent of registered voters support Clinton while 44 percent support Trump. Five percent support Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson wile only three percent support Green party candidate Jill Stein.  Clinton’s margin of support is slightly higher among likely voters  —   48 percent vs. Trump’s 44 points. The   poll was conducted by telephone Oct.  . 1 of 917 registered voters in Pennsylvania with a 3 percentage margin of error. Breitbart News’ Alex Swoyer moderated the   sanctioned panel on   marriage and religious liberty at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) hosted by the American Conservative Union on Thursday, titled, “Dearly Beloved: A Conversation on Religious Liberty. ”[Panelists included: The Federalist’s Mollie Hemingway, Town Hall’s Guy Benson, Cato Institute’s Ilya Shapiro and The Heritage Foundation’s Ryan Anderson.  The educational discussion debated the Supreme Court’s legalization of   marriage last summer in Obergefell v. Hodges, and the implications the ruling has on individuals, government officials and small businesses. The   discussion can be watched here.  Roger Ailes wanted to redirect Donald Trump’s ire from Megyn Kelly to Fox News Channel as a whole so that he could take some heat off his star anchor without removing her as moderator of this week’s Iowa Republican debate, writes Hadas Gold in Politico. [From Politico:  Fox News chairman Roger Ailes chose Megyn Kelly over Donald Trump. That’s the key to understanding the dispute that led to Trump’s withdrawal from the network’s Thursday night debate, according to a source familiar with the situation. In the face of Trump’s blustering and his campaign’s reported threats toward Kelly, the Fox News anchor and   of Thursday’s debate, Ailes decided to redirect the heat, the source said. The network’s facetious statement Tuesday about how Trump might deal with the Iranian ayatollah and Vladimir Putin? It was meant to redirect Trump’s fire from Kelly to Ailes and the network, the source said. Read the rest of the story here. On Thursday at 8 p. m. ET,   Donald Trump will pay a visit to Des Moines, IA ‘s Iowa Events Center as part of his USA Thank You Tour 2016.  Video courtesy of Right Side Broadcasting Network, Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Rome (AFP)  —   Paolo Gentiloni was named Sunday as Italy’s new prime minister following reformist leader Matteo Renzi’s resignation in the wake of a crushing referendum defeat. [advertisement GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) called fellow GOP candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) “the Republican Obama” in a campaign ad. [The television ad, airing in Iowa, states, “Tax hikes, amnesty, the Republican Obama  —   that’s Marco Rubio. ”  “[He is] the Republican Obama who championed Obama’s amnesty and led the ‘Gang of Eight,’” the ad says, referencing Rubio’s failed Gang of Eight immigration bill. Rubio’s campaign responded to the ad in a statement to The Hill: “Instead of campaigning on his record, Senator Cruz is pumping millions into negative and false attack ads days before the caucus because he knows Marco is gaining momentum,” said spokesman Joe Pounder. “Considering that he stood with Barack Obama just months ago to weaken our intelligence programs, this ad is another in a litany of examples of Ted Cruz desperately saying or doing anything to try to win an election. ” The ad comes just three days before the Iowa caucus. Veteran pollster and political analyst Pat Caddell joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow Wednesday to discuss the state of the Presidential race. “Hillary Clinton is in real trouble,” said Caddell. [“If anything is a sign of desperation, it’s ‘let’s divert the attention. Let’s move it off our problems and try to create problems here’,” he continued. “For her   …     to say that the Russians are trying to interfere to get Donald Trump elected is laughable. But it is a sign of some desperation that they have no message. ”  Added Caddell, “Hillary Clinton had assumed that she could go away and hide and the camapign would be over and she would win. And what they’re coming to conflict with, they have no message. They have nothing to say to people. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN:  CAIRO (AP)  —   Scans of King Tut’s burial chamber have revealed two hidden rooms, Egypt’s antiquities minister said Thursday  —   a discovery that could intensify speculation that the chambers contain the remains of the famed Queen Nefertiti.[ advertisement HBO’s “Real Time” host Bill Maher wondered how Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump, Texas Senator Ted Cruz, and Florida Senator Marco Rubio “are the patriots who the military likes?” on Friday.  Maher said, that Americans who believe America isn’t number one militarily are “so dead stupid f*cking wrong. ” He added, “Trump said last night, we don’t get any victories. First of all, how is this not insulting the military? Actually, our military had a pretty good week this week. We smoked  . We smoked ISIS. Here’s Marco Rubio, ‘America’s influence has declined, while the president has destroyed our military.’ Utter lie. Ted Cruz, ‘Barack Obama right now, number one, over seven years has dramatically degraded our military.’ Utter lie. Donald Trump, ‘We don’t win with the military. We can’t beat ISIS. We don’t win [with] anything.’ How come these guys are the patriots who the military likes?” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Former Clinton Senior Adviser Sidney Blumenthal said that he has “no idea” if he would have told Hillary Clinton not to use a personal server if he knew she had one at the time on Wednesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “New Day. ”  Blumenthal was asked, “If you had known she had a personal server, would you have told her it’s not a good idea?” He answered, “I have no idea. We’re old friends, and when you’re friend of somebody who’s in the middle of politics, you get caught up in politics, too. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Was that a     double play?! @SportsCenter #SCtop10 pic. twitter.  Thursday, Cincinnati Reds class A team Dayton Dragons made one of the craziest plays you may see in baseball.  South Bend Cubs infielder P. J. Higgins hit a line drive up the middle that bounced off Dragons pitcher Alex Webb and hit the umpire. The ball then rolled over to shortstop Luis Gonzalez, who was able to step on second base and fire the ball over to first to get Higgins for the second out. For those scoring at home, it would be a     double play. Although the ball did not roll in the Cubs’ favor on this play, they did go on to defeat the Dragons  . Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent President Barack Obama acknowledges that Democrats were seen by many Americans as “Latte sippin’” elites and need to get to work on the ground. [“I think the thing we have to spend the most time on, because it’s the thing we have the most control over, is how do we make sure that we are showing up in places where I think Democratic policies are needed, where they are helping, where they are making a difference,” Obama said during a press conference on Friday.  He acknowledged that people in the areas of the country that voted for Trump, “feel as if they’re not being heard and where Democrats are characterized as coastal liberal latte sippin’ you know, politically correct out of touch folks. ” Obama reminded reporters about what he did to win the presidency, hinting that Hillary Clinton and the Democrats failed. “We have to be in those communities,” he said. “And I’ve seen that when we are in those communities, it makes a difference. That’s how I became president. ”   Donald Trump and Vice   Mike Pence will resume meetings regarding the administration’s transition on Friday morning in New York City after their trip to visit Carrier in Indianapolis and the “Thank You Tour” event in Ohio on Thursday. [On Friday, Trump and Pence will meet with five people.  Those individuals include: Trump and Pence have held 72 meetings thus far preparing for and staffing the incoming administration. From Chris Spargo writing at The Daily Mail: advertisement Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton repeatedly could not “recall” the answers to 27 different questions from the FBI about her private email server and communications habits. Clinton also specified that she did not “remember” details of her emailing and classification habits at least 12 times. [Below are some of the highlights from the redacted FBI interview transcripts released to the public today. PHILADELPHIA, Pennsylvania  —   When Bill Clinton ran for President in 1992, his unofficial campaign motto was: “It’s the economy, stupid. ” But his wife, Hillary, failed to describe any economic policies in her Democratic National Convention speech. [In her address to the Wells Fargo Arena on Thursday night, formally accepting the Democratic Party’s nomination for president, Clinton said the word “economy” ten times, but did not mention any economic plans.  And when she did mention the economy, most often  —   three times out of ten  —   she did so in the context of legalizing millions of illegal aliens. Here are the ten times Clinton said the word “economy” in her speech: Not one of those examples mentions economic policy. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. His new book, See No Evil: 19 Hard Truths the Left Can’t Handle, is available from Regnery through Amazon. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak. advertisement Sunday on CNN’s “Inside Politics,” while discussing reports that the State Department will not be release the detailed daily meeting schedules of Hillary Clinton during her tenure as secretary of state, until after the November election, host John King said it was “nuts. ”  The Associated Press’ Julie Pace said, “It’s important to note that the only reason we have the calendars is because the AP had to sue for them. We’ve learned this week that we won’t get the rest of the calendars before the election. ” King asked, “She was last secretary of state how long ago? Four years? Democrat, Republican administration, I am sorry. You know, this is on a computer somewhere. You have these records. This is nuts. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Former New Mexico governor and likely Libertarian Party presidential candidate laughed when he heard the report billionaire David Koch planned to spend millions to help him in 2016.  “We have no knowledge of it. None whatsoever. You just got to laugh,” Johnson told CBS News on Thursday. Charles and David Koch are staunchly opposed to presumptive Republican nominee, with Charles going so far as to say it’s “possible” electing Hillary Clinton is preferable. The Kochs budgeted $889 million for the 2016 election but have so far focused on   races. Conservative commentator Glenn Beck is in Iowa campaigning for Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ). [Beck, who endorsed Cruz last week at a rally at Faith Bible College in Iowa, was reportedly phone banking for Cruz early Saturday.  So @GlennBeck was   for @tedcruz from his hotel room earlier today https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Oliver Darcy (@oliverdarcy) January 30, 2016,  . @glennbeck making phone calls to Iowa caucus goers for Ted Cruz. pic. twitter.   —   Rick Tyler (@rickwtyler) January 30, 2016,  (Reuters)  —   The financial and political fallout from Britain’s vote to leave the European Union has added to a string of setbacks for President Barack Obama as he works to burnish his legacy before his presidency ends in January 2017. [The Brexit decision came after a deadlock in the U. S. Supreme Court on Thursday effectively ended Obama’s push to overhaul immigration rules, and the week after the worst mass shooting in modern U. S. history.  For Obama, the reversals heighten pressure on him and fellow Democrats to work harder for the Nov. 8 elections  —   particularly for the party’s presumptive presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton, who represents his best shot at making sure more of his policies are not rolled back. Speaking at two fundraising events in Seattle on Friday night, at the end of an arduous day that saw global markets plunge after the Brexit vote, Obama acknowledged the shifting political winds four months from the vote. Read the rest of the story at Reuters. On Sunday’s broadcast of NBC’s “Meet the Press,” presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said he can win the presidency with or without the support of the Republican establishment.  Trump said, “I think we’re going to have a great convention, and we’re going to go on to a great victory. It would be nice if the Republicans stuck together. But I think because I’m a different kind of candidate, and Paul Ryan said that, I’m a different kind of a candidate. I think I can win either way. I can win one way or the other. ” He added, “I think I can, because I obviously won the primaries without them. I’m an outsider and I won the primaries. I do believe we can win either way, but it would be nice if we stuck together. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN   Donald Trump and his wife Melania attended Christmas Eve services Saturday night at the Florida church where they were married in 2005, receiving cheers and a standing ovation from attendees. [The Trumps reportedly arrived at around 10:30 p. m. at the Episcopal Church of     in Palm Beach, where the Rev. James Harlan delivered a Christmas Eve sermon.  According to the New York Post, Trump wore his trademark dark suit and red tie and sat in the third row. Video taken at the church shows the   and his wife receiving a round of applause and a standing ovation as they entered.  Trump reportedly took communion and left at around 12:30 a. m. according to the Post. Trump is spending the holidays with his family at his    resort in Palm Beach, a short drive from the church. Donald and Melania Trump were married at the Episcopal Church of     in 2005.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum Brussels (AFP)  —   Brussels Airport was to reopen on Sunday with three “symbolic” flights and strict additional checks for passengers, marking a new   era for air travel in Belgium after attacks by Islamic State suicide bombers. [advertisement Confidant and adviser to Dr. Ben Carson, Armstrong Williams, told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Matt Boyle on Tuesday, “Dr. Carson is a great student and a great teacher,” as well as someone who can foster relationships with the various factions with which he must work to succeed as Housing and Urban Development (HUD) secretary.[  Donald Trump recently nominated Carson to lead HUD, as Breitbart News reported: “Dr. Ben Carson has accepted a position in   Donald Trump’s administration as the secretary of Housing and Urban Development. ”  Williams stated, “Dr. Carson is a person about making everybody feel worthwhile. ” He further described him as a genuine team player with the ability to build a successful team within HUD, as well as across various political constituencies required to make the agency successful. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN:  This weekend’s “Saturday Night Live” on NBC opened with a mock campaign ad for GOP presidential candidate Ted Cruz, played by Taran Killam, where he made fun of all things Ted Cruz.  “I won the Iowa caucus, thanks to endorsements from strong conservatives like Glenn Beck and God Almighty. I’ll admit I’m an unconventional candidate, I’m not like other politicians. I didn’t get where I am today because I was born wealthy or handsome or charismatic or nice. I am not cool or likeable or even fine. I’m not young and hip. I am not off the chain. I’m not energetic and healthy. Physically, I’m not doing well at all. From the side I look like a Far Side cartoon,” he stated. In the faux ad, Killam as Cruz even noted the false reports spread by the Cruz campaign about fellow GOP candidate Dr. Ben Carson. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Hillary Clinton is anxious to compete in the Democratic primary in Kentucky, particularly after suffering a humiliating loss in West Virginia. [Now she is relying on the golden voice of Morgan Freeman, to help turn out black voters in the state.  In a new,   ad, Clinton begins by telling voters of what she calls “systemic racism” in the United States. “We have to face up to the hard truths of injustice and systemic racism,” she says, recalling the wrongs suffered by African American voters in the justice system and at the hands of police officers. Freeman follows up Clinton’s message, reminding voters of her record as a lawyer working for  . “If you want to will stand up for racial justice, look to someone who always has,” Freeman concludes. Kentucky’s Democratic primary will take place on May 17.  Per a PIX 11 report, Utah police are looking for answers after a father left his    daughter in the middle of the night and left her in the cold.  A security guard found the little girl in at a doorway on the campus of the   Applied Technology College in Ogden, UT around 7:30 AM. Surveillance footage shows the father leaving the girl at that same spot hours before. According to the girl’s mother, Gena, the child was staying with her father at his parent’s house for the weekend two weekends ago. She adds that her daughter is traumatized from the experience. “She said she got scared, She was yelling, ‘Daddy!’ but no one was there,” the Gena said. “She said she just kind of had her blanket and waited until daylight. ” The mother said the girl was told “to shut up, and lay down and go to sleep. ” Police have yet to speak with the father, who they say could be charged with felony child abandonment or abuse. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Breitbart senior editor Milo Yiannopoulos will deliver a speech on Tuesday at the University of Central Florida, Orlando about Islam and its murderous attitudes towards gay people  —   a fact that was thrown into stark after a brutal terrorist attack at a gay dance club in the city this weekend. [Yiannopoulos, who recently slammed the left for “choosing Islam over gays,” will speak on campus in the Cape Florida Ballroom at 6:00 PM EDT. Attendance at the event will be on a     basis. The talk is entitled “ABSOLUTELY HARAM: Milo On Gays Vs Islam. ”  Those who are unable to attend will be able to watch the talk live below.  Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is improving his favorability rating among white Protestant Republicans. [From February through May, 57 percent of highly religious Republicans held a favorable view of Trump. But as of June, Trump’s favorability rating with highly religious Republicans increased nine points to 66 percent, according to a new Gallup poll.  The increase in support comes the week after Trump met with roughly 1, 000 religious leaders in New York City. Gallup’s Frank Newport notes that this highly religious group “remains no more likely to view Trump favorably than are white Protestant Republicans who are moderately or not religious. ” The Gallup survey was conducted through telephone interviews from June   and has a plus or minus two percent margin of error. Not everyone around the NBA lost his mind over the election results. [Charles Barkley, well documented for his begrudging support for Hillary Clinton, shared his thoughts on the election on TNT’s “Inside the NBA. ” Though, unlike the hysterical   rants shared by Pistons Coach Stan Van Gundy and Warriors Coach Steve Kerr, Barkley had an entirely different message:      Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn WASHINGTON (AP)  —   The State Department says about 30 emails that may be related to the 2012 attack on U. S. compounds in Benghazi, Libya, are among the thousands of Hillary Clinton emails recovered during the FBI’s recently closed investigation into her use of a private server. [advertisement In an interview Cincinnati ABC affiliate WCPO, former House Speaker John Boehner talked about his life after politics and expressed no regrets in having left when he had, given the current political climate which has led to Donald Trump being elected president.  Boehner told WCPO he knew Trump well, having played golf with him on occasions and likened the   to “larger than life” former President Teddy Roosevelt. “I think Donald Trump sees himself larger than life,” Boehner said. “He kind of reminds me of  —   if you look back through history, he kind of reminds me of Teddy Roosevelt, another guy who saw himself larger than life. But if you look at what Teddy Roosevelt did, he came in to do big things. Donald Trump isn’t there to kind of trim around the edges and occupy the White House. ” (  Politico) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Vice President Joe Biden met Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton today at the airport in Scranton, and eagerly embraced her. And he wouldn’t let go. [For 17 seconds, Biden kept his arms around Hillary’s waist as she tapped him on the arm and appeared to be trying to pull free.  Joe. Let go of me. Joe  …     pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) August 15, 2016,  Biden gazed directly at Clinton, speaking to her earnestly ahead of their rally later in the afternoon. Watch below: Joe Biden hugged @HillaryClinton today, and it lasted 17 awkward seconds pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) August 15, 2016,  From the New York Post:  Donald Trump’s campaign says a British man is countering claims that the GOP presidential nominee groped a woman on a   flight more than three decades ago. The man says he was sitting across from the accuser and contacted the Trump campaign because he was incensed by her account  —   which is at odds with what he witnessed. “I have only met this accuser once and frankly cannot imagine why she is seeking to make out that Trump made sexual advances on her. Not only did he not do so (and I was present at all times) but it was she that was the one being flirtatious,” Anthony Gilberthorpe said in a note provided to The Post by the Trump campaign. In an exclusive interview arranged by the campaign, Gilberthorpe said he was on the flight  —   in either 1980 or 1981 —   where Jessica Leeds claimed Trump groped her. Read the rest of the article here. The United States labor force participation rate rose by 58, 000 in August, according to statistics released by the Labor Department on Friday. [That leaves a total of 94, 391, 000 Americans not in the work force, unchanged from July’s 62. 8 percent.  The national unemployment rate also remained unchanged at 4. 9 percent, as the United States economy added only 151, 000 jobs.  The number is down slightly from what economic analysts estimated would be 175, 000 new jobs with an unemployment rate of 4. 8 percent. A new   poll shows Hillary Clinton losing ground to Donald Trump. [From Reuters:  Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton’s lead over Republican Donald Trump has dipped into the single digits among likely U. S. voters for the first time in nearly two weeks, according to a   poll released on Friday. The June   1 poll showed a 9. 4 percentage point lead for the former secretary of state over the New York businessman, down slightly from an 11. 2 point lead in a previous   poll that ended on June 28. Clinton had maintained a   lead in the rolling poll since June 20, as she recovered from a brief boost in Trump’s numbers in the wake of the mass shooting in Orlando, Florida, when he renewed a call for a ban on Muslim immigration. Among likely voters, 43. 9 percent now support Clinton, compared with 34. 5 percent for Trump. Another 21. 7 percent of likely voters wouldn’t support either candidate. Read the rest of the article here. Vin Scully has strong feelings on socialism pic. twitter.  Longtime Los Angeles Dodgers announcer Vin Scully went on a rant about socialism in Venezuela Friday during the team’s game against the Milwaukee Brewers, saying it is “failing to work. ”  “Socialism failing to work  —   as it always does  —   this time in Venezuela,” Scully said. “You talk about giving everybody something free and all of a sudden there’s no food to eat. And who do you think is the richest person in Venezuela? The daughter of Hugo Chavez. Hello!” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent WASHINGTON (AP)  —   Long regarded as having one of the shrewdest political minds among recent presidents, Bill Clinton has at times angered and alienated Democrats and Republicans alike while campaigning for his wife, Hillary Clinton. [advertisement Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton will headline AIPAC’s annual policy conference in Washington, DC. [From CNN:  Americans will see a preview of what could be the general election matchup when the Democratic and Republican   make pitches to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee audience later this month. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are now scheduled to address the conference hosted by AIPAC, the leading   lobby in Washington, from March 20 to March 22, the organization said Friday. AIPAC did not specify the dates on which the candidates will speak. Trump and Clinton have rarely spoken to the same audiences so far in the campaign. But each candidate has tried to position themselves as a   voice in their respective parties. Read the rest of the story here. Facebook has released a   collection of new animated   stickers. [“Squad Goals” says one sticker along with a picture of the four main cast members. “YASSS” says another featuring one of the new Ghostbusters pointing a glowing weapon in the air.  Other stickers in the collection include the Marshmallow man shouting “On Fleek,” Slimer holding his belly whilst saying “HAHA” and another one of the new Ghostbusters holding her hand over her mouth with the caption “OMG” above. The pack is available for free in Facebook’s sticker store, and the new animated pictures can be used all over the social network including in messages, comments, and statuses. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook. GOP frontrunner Donald Trump says that his experience in Iowa “was a great one” and that he was honored to place second after spending “very little there  —   a fraction of Cruz [and] Rubio. ”[Trump posted a series on Twitter:  My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn’t do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice,  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 2, 2016,  Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there  —   a fraction of Cruz  Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor,  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 2, 2016,  The media has not covered my   great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 2, 2016,  Trump is holding a campaign rally Tuesday night in New Hampshire with conservative author Ann Coulter. MSNBC senior editor Beth Fouhy spoke Saturday on MSNBC on the state of the Republican Party, saying the GOP is in a “crisis” because party   Donald Trump is “stoking” “racial grievances. ”  “The chances are that Donald Trump is going to be the nominee of his party and the Republican Party has to face that fact. And to see that this man who is stoking the kind of racial grievances that he is, the economic grievances, encouraging violence at his rallies stands ready to carry that banner of the GOP, the Grand Old Party, the party of Lincoln which is what Republicans always want to remind you of. The man who freed the slaves is now anointing a man who has really done more to harm the party’s relationship with people of color than we’ve ever seen. So it’s undoubtedly a crisis. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent (THE UNITED WEST) Tuesday, May 3 is the   anniversary of the first ISIS attack in America. The attack occurred in Garland, TX at a free speech event organized by Pamela Geller.  Mr. Geert Wilders, parliamentarian  from The Netherlands was the keynote speaker. Robert Spencer, Director of Jihad Watch was a featured speaker. Bosch Fawstin, artist, won the “draw Muhammad” contest. The United West live streamed the event. This is a    report, one year later, that asks the very important question: Has America snapped out of it? Follow The United West on Twitter @TheUnitedWest Thursday on CNN’s “The Lead,” Senate Minority Leader Senator Harry Reid ( ) told network correspondent Manu Raju a a brokered convention on the Democratic side would be “fun” and possible.  Partial transcript as follows: RAJU: Do you think there’s any possibility that they could be going into a Democratic convention without a consensus nominee? REID: I don’t know, but it would be kind of fun. RAJU: I mean is it possible for a brokered convention? REID: Sure, sure. I seriously  —   some of the old conventions produced some pretty good people. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Sunday on CNN’s “Inside Politics,” while discussing leaked audio of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton saying the supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) live in their parents basements, Daily Beast Washington bureau chief Jackie Kucinich said Clinton’s “two faced appearance” is “hurtful. ”  Kucinich said,” Also the idea she’s saying this to her friends behind closed doors, to donors just like basket of deplorables. Like she’s putting one face forward to Bernie Sanders supporters saying ‘Please come vote for me,’ and then behind closed doors, saying ‘Like, look at these kids.’ That two faced appearance is, that’s hurtful. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN WASHINGTON (AP)  —   Republican leaders on Sunday grappled with the prospect that the best hope for stopping Donald Trump’s march to the nomination may be Ted Cruz  —   the only candidate who causes as much heartburn among party elites as the billionaire businessman, if not more. [advertisement Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump said Saturday that, although he hasn’t seen all of the details of the prisoner swap, he thinks it “doesn’t sound too good. ”[Trump, speaking at a rally in New Hampshire, said that the deal doesn’t sound good when you take into account the amount of money the United States is giving Iran.  According to the Hill, Trump said: Democrat voters prefer Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) to lead the Republican Party over 2016 GOP nominee Donald Trump, according to a recent NBC News|SurveyMonkey Weekly Election Tracking poll. [When asked, “Who do you trust more to lead the Republican Party?” 84 percent of Democrats chose Ryan, while only four percent picked Trump.  Independents aligned with Democrats, choosing Ryan to lead the GOP instead of the New Yorker, 62 percent to 24 percent. For Republicans, 63 percent chose Trump and 34 percent picked Ryan. The online survey polled 32, 225 likely voters from Oct. 17 to Oct 23. The results have a plus or minus one point margin of error. During an interview broadcast on Thursday’s “All In” on MSNBC, outgoing Senate Minority Leader Senator Harry Reid ( ) stated that after “going through the trauma of the election,” he was “concerned, is the world going to be destroyed?”  Red said, “[M]y first few days of going through the trauma of the election, an election where Hillary Clinton got 2 million more votes than he did. I understand the electoral system, a system where she lost four states by less than 100, 000 votes combined. Took me a while to accept that the next 24 hours after the election, but then I was concerned, is the world going to be destroyed?” Reid later added that he’s been thinking about domestic policy after realizing maybe the world won’t get blown up “right away. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump’s top aide Paul Manafort suggested the billionaire won’t select a woman or a minority to be his vice presidential candidate because “that would be viewed as pandering, I think. ”[In an exclusive sit down with the Huffington Post, Manafort said Trump should pick someone with significant political experience.  “He needs an experienced person to do the part of the job he doesn’t want to do. He sees himself more as the chairman of the board, than even the CEO, let alone the COO,” Manafort explained. Corey Lewandowski, Trump’s campaign manager, during a previous appearance on CBS, said the vice presidential choice will have “federal legislative experience. GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip (AP)  —   The Gaza Health Ministry says a Palestinian was killed in an accident while working in a “military tunnel” used by Islamic Jihad, a Palestinian militant group. [advertisement LANGUAGE WARNING]  GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump supporters were greeted in Fort Wayne, IN by a group of young, hostile protesters Monday near the site of a Trump rally. Fox News Channel’s Matt Finn was on site and posted a picture of a group of the “very young protestors. ” These are very young protestors outside the #Trump rally in Fort Wayne, IN this afternoon. #IndianaPrimary pic. twitter.   —   Matt Finn Fox News (@MattFinnFNC) May 1, 2016,  Some of the children yelled obscenities in Spanish at the Trump supporters. Many of the protestors, including one with a Bernie Sanders sign, flipped of the Trump supporters as they drove by. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Friday on “The Pat Campbell Radio Show,” Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said he would protect the Republican National Committee’s party platform from Donald Trump’s suggestions that he would like exceptions for  rape and incest to be included on the abortion policy.  When asked if he would protect the party platform from Trump’s potential changes, Cruz said, “You have my word. One of the reasons that we are continuing to work to elect conservatives to be delegates, even though Donald has the delegates to get the nomination, we intend to do everything we can to fight for conservative principles to prevent Washington forces from watering down the platform. The platform is a manifestation of what we believe as a party, and I think it is important that it continue to reflect conservative values,   values, constitutional liberties,   principles, the values that built this country, and that is exactly what I intend to fight for. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN This week on Politico’s “Off Message” podcast hosted by Glenn Thrush, the founder of Media Matters, former conservative reporter turned Democratic operative David Brock said of   Donald Trump’s victory, “Hillary Clinton’s loss has exposed the lack of Democratic power in this country at all levels. ”  Brock said, “We’re in a bad situation in the Democratic Party. Hillary Clinton’s loss has exposed the lack of Democratic power in this country at all levels And so it’s been stressful. But I haven’t been disoriented during this period. I have been very focused. I believe that what we are facing is a threat to our system of government. I think Trump has autocratic tendencies. I think he is setting up a kleptocracy. We need voices of the opposition. We won the popular vote, we ought to act like it. And so I think the strategy is  —   it’s pretty simple. The strategy is to keep Trump unpopular. ” (  Daily Caller) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN A poll released Wednesday by USA   University shows that Vermont Socialist Bernie Sanders is stronger than Hillary Clinton when matched up against the four leading Republican candidates. Except for barely beating Ted Cruz, Bernie still loses against the other three. Hillary, however, loses to all four of her likely Republican rivals.  A big part of Hillary’s argument against Sanders is that she is more electable. Against Hillary: Donald Trump wins by +2 points,  45% to 43%. Ted Cruz wins by +1 point, 45% to 44%. Marco Rubio wins by +4 points, 42% to 46%. John Kasich smashes Clinton by +11 points, 49% to 38%. Against Bernie: Trump wins by +1 point, 44% to 43%. Cruz loses by   points, 42% to 44%. Rubio wins by +4 points, 46% to 42%. Kasich wins by +3 points, 44% to 41%.   Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                 Tebow in the cage. Judge for yourself. You tell me if that swing gets past AA. pic. twitter.  Former NFL quarterback Tim Tebow is now contemplating a future in baseball.  The soon to be    who was an   baseball player in Florida his junior year of high school, will be working out for all 30 MLB teams later this month to showcase his skills. On Tuesday, video of Tebow taking batting practice emerged. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent GOP frontrunner Donald Trump says New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, who endorsed him last week, would make a great attorney general. [“Would Christie make a good attorney general in a Donald Trump administration?” conservative radio host Howie Carr of The Howie Carr Show asked the real estate mogul on Tuesday.  “I think he’d make a great attorney general. He’s a very talented guy. We haven’t even discussed that,” Trump responded. “I watched him make Marco Rubio literally, I thought he was going to faint. I was getting ready to catch him,” Trump said about the heated debate exchange between Christie and Rubio in New Hampshire where Christie called out Rubio’s memorized talking points. “He had a total breakdown on the stage. And I watched Chris do that,” Trump recalled. “I was very impressed with Chris,” he added. Wednesday night in an interview with Univision Los Angeles, Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton commented on the State Department inspector general’s report that found she violated the agency rules by using a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state and said it will not “affect either the campaign or my presidency. ”  Clinton said, “It’s the same story. Just like previous secretaries of state, I used a personal email. Many people did. It was not at all unprecedented. I have turned over all of my emails. No one else can say that. I have been incredibly open about doing that. I will continue to be open, and it’s not an issue that is going to affect either the campaign or my presidency. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Duck Dynasty’s Phil Robertson has made his choice for president: Ted Cruz. [“Ted Cruz is my man, I’m voting for him,” Robertson announces in a video featuring the Texas Senator in hunting gear and face paint.  Robertson laid out his qualifications for the next president, explaining that Ted Cruz “fits the bill. ” Is he or she Godly? Does he or she love us? Can he or she do the job? Would they kill a duck and put him in a pot and make him a good duck gumbo?” Watch the video below:  Sunday on  CBS’s “Face the Nation,” Republican National Committee (RNC) Chairman Reince Priebus said  Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton will lose the election because, “She’s too risky for this country. ”  When asked if Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will win, Priebus said, “Yeah, he is going to win, and he’s going to win because I think people in this country have had enough and he’s the change agent. When it comes down to risk in this country, Hillary’s been tested and she’s failed. She’s the risky candidate. You look at Russia, the uranium deal giving them control of 20% of the world’s uranium. Her pocketing hundreds of thousands in speeches, Russian reset, Libya, you look at Iraq and the mess she left there. What I’m saying is she was tried and tested. She failed. She’s too risky for this country. That’s why she’s going to lose. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN From Jonathan Easley writing at The Hill:  Buzz is growing on the ground in Iowa around Marco Rubio, who many political watchers believe is set for a    showing at Monday’s caucuses. In interviews with The Hill, Iowa Republicans and independent analysts in the state say Rubio is primed to break free from the second tier of contenders and finally emerge as the candidate to save the establishment from Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, who are battling for the lead in Iowa. “He easily has the greatest upside,” said Doug Gross, who served as Iowa finance chairman for the campaigns of George W. Bush and Mitt Romney. “Mainstream Republicans are not comfortable with Trump or Cruz, and the more I hear from them, the more they say they’ve decided on Rubio. He has the greatest potential and it’s driven by pragmatism, a desire to win, and angst with the two  . ” Read the rest of the story at The Hill. Monday on the campaign trail, Republican presidential candidate Senator Ted Cruz ( ) joked about his rival Donald Trump’s flub of a Bible verse referring to the book Second Corinthians as “two Corinthians” during his speech last week at Liberty University.  Cruz was interrupted when he said “You know, we are standing on the promises of Second Chronicles 7:14,” when an audience member said he meant “two Chronicles. ” Cruz quickly joked “Well, you know, two Corinthians walk into a bar  …    ” As the laughter continued, Cruz added, “Ah yes, Ricardo Montalban, genuine Corinthian leather. You have to be of a certain era to remember that commercial. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Tuesday on CNN’s “Wolf,” a day before Wednesday’s House leadership election, Rep. Tim Ryan ( ) who is challenging Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) for the Democratic House leadership post, said he is within “striking distance” of winning.  Ryan said, “I think we’re within striking distance. I can tell you that for sure. A lot of members haven’t committed or are being very, very quiet and could break either way coming into the last 24 hours and the vote’s tomorrow morning. So I feel really, really good about the campaign we’ve run. I think we’ve been very clear. I think we’ve been very respectful of Leader Pelosi but need change and we’ll see if my colleagues agree tomorrow. ” He added, “We have a lot of commitments, more than most think and I think there is going to be a lot of surprised faces tomorrow. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Chris Froome punches fan during Stage 8 of #TDF2016 https:  .  During the eighth stage of the Tour de France on Saturday, cyclist Chris Froome fended off a fan running alongside him by smacking him in the face.  The fan, wearing a Colombia soccer jersey and sporting a big sign and a yellow wig, got too close for comfort, Froome later said. Froome told the Associated Press after the stage: “I have absolutely nothing against the Colombian fans. They bring great (spirit) to the race. But this guy in particular was running right next to my handlebars. He had a flag that was flying out behind him and it was just getting dangerous so I pushed him away. I lashed out and pushed him away. ” Froome went on to win the stage, but was fined 200 Swiss francs (about $203). Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent White House Correspondents’ Dinner host Larry Wilmore closed his speech on Saturday by telling President Obama, “Yo Barry, you did it, my n*gga. ”  Earlier in the speech, Wilmore said that former President Andrew Jackson reacted to Dr. Ben Carson’s defense of Jackson being kept on the $20 bill by asking, “What did that j*gaboo say?” At the tail end, “Mr. President, I’m going to keep it 100. Yo Barry, you did it, my n*gger. ” Wilmore then thumped his chest, to which Obama replied with a chest thump of his own. Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett “Will Hillary Clinton get prosecuted” was the most Googled search result for Clinton during Sunday night’s Democratic debate in South Carolina. [Research compiled by Google shows that “Will Hillary Clinton get prosecuted” led the way in   searches when the debate ended, having already taken the top spot before 10:20 PM. The debate ran for two hours between 9 and 11 PM Eastern Time.  “What did Hillary Clinton do that was illegal” came in third. By contrast, the   question for Bernie Sanders was “Why is Bernie Sanders so popular?” “Can Bernie Sanders win?” came in second. Sanders also led Clinton in terms of Facebook engagement during the debate, and his home state of Vermont was the   state on Facebook. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump won a WikiLeaks presidential poll with 50% of the overall vote, beating Democrat candidate Hillary Clinton by 28%. [The poll, which WikiLeaks ran on their Twitter account for 24 hours yesterday, received over 117, 000 votes in total and showed Trump as the clear winner.  While Trump scored 50% of the overall vote, Clinton won just 22%. Green Party candidate Jill Stein followed Clinton with 16% of the vote, and Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson came last with 12%. US poll: Who will you vote to become President?  —   WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) July 29, 2016,  Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook. On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher wondered if it was possible to be a good person and still support GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump.  Maher said, “The people of Idaho, Wyoming, Arkansas, Oklahoma, West Virginia, Kentucky, I know they’re Republican, mostly, but they’re human, right? These are human beings? What the f*ck does it take, in this country, to have being a human being supersede being a Republican?” After former Senator Bob Kerrey ( ) stated that there are good people who are supporting Trump, Maher asked, “Can you at this point?” After Kerrey argued that you could, Maher stated, “I don’t get that. ” He added, “If the basket fits. Well, if you’re deplorable  —   I mean, if you have deplorable beliefs, you’re deplorable. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Tuesday at a rally in in Sparks, NV, Republican presidential   Donald Trump described his opponent Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) as a “soft, weak little baby. ”  Trump said, “He will lie about anything. Now I’ve met much tougher people than Ted Cruz. He’s like a baby compared to some of the people I have to do. He’s like a little baby  —   soft, week little baby by comparison. But for lying he is the best I’ve ever seen. He’s the best. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN During the riots this weekend in Milwaukee, WI after the shooting death of an armed black man by a black police officer, surveillance video in a Metro PCS captured a group of people busting inside and stealing from the store.  A Fox 6 report says the looting happened at a Metro PCS on the north side of the city not long after a BP Gas Station was set on fire. In all, six businesses were damaged or destroyed from Saturday night into Sunday morning as a response to the shooting. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz   a great guy! #INPrimary #Trump2016 pic. twitter.  A week after getting Indiana Hoosiers legendary coach Bobby Knight’s endorsement, GOP presidential   Donald Trump picked up an endorsement from former Notre Dame football coach Lou Holtz.  Trump tweeted out the video of Holtz, who cited the real estate mogul’s “first class” hotels and golf courses. Holtz added that Trump “wants his country to be first class as well. ” “There are nothing but winners in Indiana. The main reason I’m endorsing him  —   I’ve played his golf course, I’ve stayed in his hotel, he does nothing but go first class in everything,” Holtz said. “He wants his country to be first class as well. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent ”Honestly, I don’t think [Rubio] could be right now elected a dog catcher in Florida.”  @realDonaldTrumphttps:  .  Tuesday on “Fox  Friends,” Republican presidential   Donald Trump continued his attacks on his opponent Sen. Marco Rubio ( ).  Trump, who is up by     points over Florida’s junior senator according to the the Real Clear Politics average, expressed his skepticism of Rubio’s electoral chances in his home state. “Little Marco Rubio, let me tell you  —   he’s been a disaster for Florida,” Trump said. “Doesn’t show up to vote. He’s got the highest miss record in the United States Senate. So Marco Rubio has done a horrible job in Florida. It doesn’t come up for two weeks, but honestly I don’t think he right now could be elected a dog catcher in Florida. So we’ll see what happens. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Khalil Muhammad, Harvard professor of history, race and public policy, accused Donald Trump Saturday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” of calling for racial violence and voter intimidation when the GOP presidential nominee urged his supporters to monitor polling places in certain areas.  “It’s also clearly that the opening clip about what we do on these polls about voters intimidation is also the fundamental way in which voter suppression has happened over the course of 150 years in this country since the 15th amendment,” Muhammad said. “[W]e really have a candidate of who is calling for racism at the polls, racial violence and intimidation  …    ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  On Thursday’s broadcast of CNN’s “At This Hour,” Senator Chris Coons ( ) clarified his prior comments that he regretted changes to the filibuster rule made by Democrats by saying that he regretted that Republicans “overused” the filibuster, which led the Democrats to feel “compelled” to change the rules.  Coons said, “What I regretted was that   Leader [Senator] McConnell ( ) so overused the filibuster to block every major nominee by the Obama administration, to the DC Circuit, the NLRB, and to many other vital posts, that we ultimately, as a Democratic caucus, felt compelled to make that change. What I regretted was that we had a dysfunctional Senate where the minority leader and minority caucus at the time, the Republican caucus, so thoroughly and effectively misused the filibuster to block President Obama, that we ultimately took the step of changing that rule in the Senate. ” (  WFB) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett TMZ Sports caught up with former Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel this weekend.  The free agent and former first round draft pick was cut last week after a plethora of   issues, but told the TMZ reporter “of course” he would be back next year. Manziel cleared waivers, meaning he can now sign with any team, but his constant partying and domestic issues will likely keep teams from giving him another opportunity. At least until he gets his life in order. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent John McGraw of Linden was charged with assault and battery and disorderly conduct for punching a man at GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s rally on Wednesday night. [“The incident happened during one of the 17 interruptions at the Trump campaign event in the Crown Coliseum,” reported WTVD, Raleigh, North Carolina’s ABC affiliate station.  WTVD also shared the viral video of the incident. Rakeem Jones, who protested at the rally, was allegedly punched in the face by McGraw. McGraw’s bail has been set at $2, 500. On Friday’s “McLaughlin Group,” the Daily Beast’s Eleanor Clift praised presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s reaction to the shooting of police officers in Dallas, TX.  Clift said, “I must say, I’m grateful that Donald Trump put out a very graceful tweet, expressing his sympathy, and canceled his campaign events. So, he did not jump on this and use this to exploit divisions in the country. And, you know, maybe that’s a small sign that our political leaders are going to lead us in the right way in the weeks and months ahead. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Over 140 of Silicon Valley’s entrepeneurs and executives have signed an open letter condemning Donald Trump as a potential “disaster for innovation,” praising government involvement in the economy, and claiming “diversity is our strength. ”[The letter’s signatures includes several   names in tech like Steve Wozniak, the   of Apple, Alexis Ohanian, the   of Reddit, and Jimmy Wales, the founder of Wikipedia.  Executives from companies like Twitter, Google, Facebook, Slack, Snapchat and Yelp also signed the open letter, as well as Arielle Zuckerberg, sister of Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg. Ev Williams, founder and CEO of Medium and   of Twitter also signed the open letter. The letter, which can be read in full here, condemned Trump’s stances on immigration and “insults to women” as obstacles to innovation. MSNBC National Correspondent Joy Reid stated that conservatives “almost infantilize” women by saying they wouldn’t punish them for having abortions if abortion was criminalized on Friday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Hardball. ”  Reid said, “[T]he doctrine has you don’t make the subtext of the   movement into text. You don’t take it to its logical conclusion, you know, other than Richard Mourdock and Akin, and some of these guys who make a mistake, you’re not supposed to give away the game that the idea is that you want to completely criminalize abortion. You sort almost infantilize the woman and say, no, she’s a victim. We just want to criminalize the provider. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Donald Trump’s spokesman Jason Miller describes South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley as a “pretty easy pick for the  ” as the ambassador to the United Nations. [“She’s done a fantastic job with the state of South Carolina and helping to improve the economy  —   that’s including a number of overseas trade and business recruitment missions,” Miller told reporters on Wednesday morning. “I think there was also a natural chemistry between the two when they met. ”  Trump officially announced earlier on Wednesday that he plans to nominate Haley as the United States ambassador to the United Nations. Miller described Haley as a “pretty easy pick for the   as he greatly respects and admires her. ” Haley is the daughter of Indian immigrants and was the first woman governor of South Carolina. Under her leadership, South Carolina’s unemployment hit a   low, as she created 82, 000 jobs in her state. The Times of Israel reports:  The US State Department released its annual report on global terrorist activity on Thursday, listing Iran as the top state sponsor of terrorism and labeling the Islamic State as “the greatest threat globally” and a “formidable force” in Iraq and Syria. “Iran remained the foremost state sponsor of terrorism in 2015, providing a range of support, including financial, training and equipment, to groups around the world,” the State Department report read. The report listed Sudan and Syria as the other two state sponsors of terrorism, and included a 2015 tally of 11, 774 terrorist attacks in 92 countries worldwide, resulting in more than 28, 300 total deaths and more than 35, 300 people injured. Read the full story. Monday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,”   Joe Scarborough took aim at Glenn Beck on the eve of the Indiana Republican presidential primary, where Beck is currently campaign for GOP hopeful Sen. Ted Cruz ( ).  According to Scarborough, Beck has more pressing matters to tend to than campaigning for Cruz. “If I were Glenn Beck, I would be more concerned about my collapsing TV empire than campaigning for [Cruz],” Scarborough said. “Did you hear about that? He fired, like, I heard 60 people and got rid of his TV  —   all of his TV operations and a lot of the people said he was so obsessed campaigning for Ted Cruz that he kept missing shows and took his eye off the ball. ” (  Grabien) Follow Jeff Poor on @jeff_poor LONDON (Reuters)  —     Major winner Rory McIlroy will not compete in this summer’s Rio Olympic Games, citing health fears over the Zika virus, he said on Wednesday. [“After speaking with those closest to me, I’ve come to realise that my health and my family’s health comes before anything else. Even though the risk of infection from the Zika virus is considered low, it is a risk nonetheless and a risk I am unwilling to take,” the Northern Irish world number four said.  Golf returns to the Olympics in August for the first time since 1904, but a number of big names including Fiji’s Vijay Singh and Charl Schwartzel of South Africa have also said they will not compete in the event. Controversy over the Aug.  Games has grown as more about the disease becomes known. The   virus can cause crippling birth defects and, in adults, has been linked to the neurological disorder  . (Editing by: Ossian Shine) Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” Republican   nominee Mike Pence Pence said his running mate Donald Trump’s immigration plan has no amnesty and no path to legalization.  Pence said, “I have traveled across this country campaigning with Donald Trump and for Donald Trump, I think people hear him loud and clear and he’s been completely consistent. ” He added, “I think, look, Donald Trump made it very, very clear that in his   plan we’ll build a wall, we’ll enforce the laws of this country and end catch and release and do all of the things that politicians in both party haves been talking about for more than a generation. He said no amnesty and path to legalization if people want to get legalized or right they need to leave the country. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) is campaigning in Iowa. [Court Oviatt, a Cruz supporter from Logan, Iowa told Cruz Tuesday that, despite being visually impaired he can still see through Hillary Clinton.   “I’m almost 100 percent blind, been that way for two years now, but I can still see through Hillary Clinton. ” On Monday, Cruz kicked off a   bus tour of Iowa, where he will visit 28 counties.   The Daily Beast’s Eleanor Clift said that while she admires GOP presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz for refusing to “bow” to “the ethanol gods,” he did so “because he’s in the pocket of big oil” on Friday’s “McLaughlin Group. ”  Clift argued, “It’s the one thing that I like about Ted Cruz that he didn’t bow down to the ethanol gods. That’s because he’s in the pocket of big oil in Texas. So, you know, pick your poison. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett David Martosko of the Daily Mail reports:[As news reports of a gun massacre in Munich crossed the Atlantic Ocean on Friday, the President of the United States was cracking jokes.  Barack Obama delivered a brief update to reporters at the White House about the   shooting rampage that left the German city on lockdown. Eight are confirmed dead, and 10 injured. The president was speaking to law enforcement agents at the Eisenhower Executive Office Building, adjacent to the White House. But as cameras rolled on the somber moment, Obama grinned and chuckled  —   and drew laughs from his audience  —   about his elder daughter Malia leaving the nest and heading for college. Read the rest here. Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” host of  TV One’s “News One Now” Roland Martin said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, “better get real about this intensity gap,” with voters.  Martin said, “What the polls cannot measure  —   measure still is intensity. And that is, the Gallup Poll showed that 76 percent of Republicans say they’ll likely vote 65 percent Democrat 47  . What she has to do is deal with the intensity gap. She’s going to Charlotte. She’s going to be meeting with young black men today, because there was a   gap between young black  —   black men and black women. ” “But she has to still deal with that millennial issue, he continued. “All the  —   all these polls are great, but we cannot measure what will be that turnout on election day. Will white voters all of a sudden exceed the last five elections? That’s why she’d better get real about this intensity gap. ” Barbra Streisand lashed out at political pundits and the media at large on Friday, accusing them of demonstrating “outright sexism” and “sexist condescension” while covering Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s campaign.  “Why is it that today even a woman as impressive as Hillary Clinton is judged not by her merits and extensive resume alone, but held to a pernicious double standard?” the   Grammy   singer wrote in a short essay for the Huffington Post. She continued: The Washington Post has published an article listing potential picks for the role of Press Secretary in Donald J. Trump’s White House. [The article, which features a picture of Breitbart senior editor MILO at the top of the page, argues that appointing him as Press Secretary would “shake things up,” before citing his recent roasting of the press at the Trump victory party.  Guess who Trump’s other Breitbart guest was? If he really wants to shake things up, Trump could install Yiannopoulos  —   the   “most fabulous supervillain on the internet”  —   as his press secretary. Just imagine briefings with this guy (profanity warning): The piece also suggests that Breitbart Washington Editor Matthew Boyle could also be a top choice, as well as Katrina Pierson, Hope Hicks, Scottie Neil Hughes, Kayleigh McEnamy, Steven Cheung, and Jason Miller. Read the full article at the Washington Post On Friday, Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) a candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination appeared in Vatican City and praised Pope Francis for his views on economics.  Sanders told a press gathering he supported the Pontiff’s efforts to create “a new world economy. ” “I have been enormously impressed by Pope Francis speaking out and his visionary views about creating a moral economy  —   an economy that works for all people, not just people on top,” Sanders said. “And what he has said over and over again  —   we cannot allow the market just to do what the market does. That is unacceptable. We have got to ingrain moral principles into our economy. ” “I believe the Pope has played an historical and incredible role in trying to create a new world economy and a new vision for the people of our planet,” he added. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor In a Saturday conversation with The Daily Beast contributor Wayne Barrett about his article on the FBI’s ties to GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump, MSNBC’s Joy Reid said there seems to be a “culture of Trumpism” and “Trumpist attitude” towards the Clintons in the FBI.  “It does seem from the story that you wrote that there is a culture of Trumpism within the FBI. To what do you attribute what appears to be, particularly in the New York office, a sort of Trumpist attitude toward the Clintons?” she asked Barrett on her MSNBC show “AM Joy. ” Barrett responded by saying there is “certainly”   going on in the New York FBI office. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  The Daily News is reporting that:  Kidnappers in Afghanistan have abducted two professors, one American and one Australian, according to reports. The two professors at the American University of Afghanistan in Kabul were taken at gunpoint on Sunday, police chief Abdel Rahman Rahimi told ABC News. The two were abducted by men disguised in National Security forces uniforms at about 8:30 p. m. local time, Voice of America News reported. The State Department was aware of the reported kidnapping, but declined to comment. Read the rest here. GOP frontrunner Donald Trump came up with a new slogan for his presidential campaign during a campaign rally in Indiana on Thursday. [“We have a movement going on. You know, in a way I call it the smart movement,” Trump stated during his rally in Evansville, Indiana.  “We want to be smart again. We’re not smart anymore, folks,” Trump told the audience. “We don’t win anymore, but we’re not smart anymore. So we call it ‘the smart movement,’ and that’s what I want to have. ” Indiana voters head to the polls for the GOP primary on Tuesday. A bald eagle was freed from a tree by a patriotic Army veteran, who spent 90 minutes firing 150 shots into three branches ahead of the Fourth of July holiday. [advertisement The stock market took a dive after the F. B. I announced that they would reopen the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email server.  The Dow Jones industrial average fell more than 30 points after the announcement.  The SP 500 plunged after the news broke, erasing much of the gains that it made earlier in the day.  Charts via Market Insider,   On Thursday’s “O’Reilly Factor” on the Fox News Channel, Breitbart News Senior    author of “Clinton Cash,” and Government Accountability Institute President Peter Schweizer discussed the “Clinton blur” between profit, philanthropy, and profit.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo,     (Reuters)  —   French investigators raided Google’s Paris headquarters on Tuesday as part of a tax evasion inquiry, the financial prosecutor’s office said. [Google said it was fully complying with French law.  Facing public anger at the way multinational companies use their footprints around the world to minimize tax, France, Britain and others have sought ways to make sure Google, Yahoo! and other digital giants, who often have their tax bases in other countries, pay their taxes locally. Investigators from the financial prosecutors office and France’s central office against corruption and tax fraud, accompanied by 25 IT specialists, took part in the raid. “The investigation aims to verify whether Google Ireland Ltd has a permanent base in France and if, by not declaring parts of its activities carried out in France, it failed its fiscal obligations, including on corporate tax and value added tax,” the prosecutor’s office said in statement. Read the rest of the story at Reuters. The Jerusalem Post reports: Two Israeli universities have been ranked among the world’s top 100 for research, according to the annual QS World University Rankings released Monday. [First compiled in 2004, the QS World University Rankings rates the world’s   higher education institutions, assessing some 3, 000 and ranking more than 800.  The Hebrew University of Jerusalem was the highest ranking academic institution in Israel and ranked 148th globally, maintaining its standing from the previous year. The   Institute of Technology was ranked third in Israel and 213th worldwide, dropping 15 places overall and out of the top 200 universities bracket from the previous year, when it ranked 198th. However, the university placed 76th globally for research. Read  more here. Tuesday in New York City, while on the campaign trail for his wife Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton, former president Bill Clinton said his wife was uniquely qualified to be president at this time because “the world’s in tough shape. ”  Clinton said, “She was the most popular political figure in America. Now the Republicans worked hard to change that and I don’t blame them, they just don’t want to run against her. I wouldn’t want to run against her either, because she’s better qualified to be president for this time than I was when I ran, because of the trouble around the world   …     The world’s in tough shape, and one of the things that could stop us from rising together is a crisis around the world. I want somebody there that doesn’t have to figure it out. I want somebody there that will instinctively know what to do. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Monday in Rhode Island, Republican presidential   Donald Trump said the alliance between Gov. John Kasich ( ) and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) shows they “weak” and “pathetic. ”  Trump said, “Did you see the news today? Did you see where they ban together and collusion? If you collude in business or if you collude in the stock market, they put you in jail. If politics, because it is a rigged system, because it is a corrupt enterprise, if politics you are allowed to collude. They colluded and actually, I was happy because it shows how weak they are. It shows how pathetic they are. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN New Jersey Governor Chris Christie rallied with Donald Trump in Oklahoma last night, mocking Sen. Marco Rubio for his newfound willingness to attack Donald Trump. [“Let’s have one more message for someone who has had a pretty big mouth today  —   Marco Rubio, your campaign is almost over, buddy,” Christie said.  The New Jersey Governor said that Rubio was showing “desperation” after trying to attack Trump, but asserted that none of his punches were landing. “Donald Trump represents strength and Marco Rubio represents Washington D. C.,” he said. “We don’t need any more D. C. politicians!”  Sunday on CNN’s “Reliable Sources,” journalist Carl Bernstein, known for his reporting on the Watergate scandal, said   Donald Trump “lives and thrives in a   environment.  “No president, including Richard Nixon, has been so ignorant of fact and disdains fact in the way that this   does,” Bernstein said. He continued, “It has something to do with the growing sense of authoritarianism he and his presidency are projecting. the danger of it is obvious. And he’s trying to make the conduct of the press the issue, not his own conduct. ” He added, “I would just take his bullying approach to the union leader instead of going into the facts of what the Carrier deal was and what the unions in that institution have done. Everything that he controverts he doesn’t go to a   argument. He goes to an emotional argument. What we have seen throughout the campaign is pathological disdain for the truth. A kind of lie and easy with lying that we have not seen before. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN NEW YORK (AP)  —   Scientists say the first baby has been born from a controversial new technique that combines DNA from three people  —   the mother, the father and an egg donor. [advertisement During a speech in Omaha, NE, in what may or may not have been a Freudian slip, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said she would raise taxes on the “middle class. ”  “Trump wants to cut taxes for the ” Clinton said. “Well we’re not going there, my friends. I’m telling you right now, we’re going to write fairer rules for the middle class and we are going to raise taxes on the middle class. ” The crowd in attendance cheered on Clinton after the proclamation. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Conservative commentator Pat Buchanan discussed Sunday on New York AM 970 radio’s “The Cats Roundtable” what a Hillary Clinton presidency with a Republican Congress would look like.  According to Buchanan, the country would be divided if Clinton gets elected president. He told host John Catsimatidis,“If Hillary wins, she’s going to move to the left. But the country will not be united because the Republicans will really go into the stall  —   the defense. ” If Trump is elected, Buchanan believes Republicans would be able to work together. “There’s no reason why the Republicans can’t get together if Trump wins. There is a common agenda there,” Buchanan said. “The problem I see is the personal differences, and a lot of them dating back to some pretty rough primaries. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  This week’s “Saturday Night Live” on NBC opened with GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump, played by Darrell Hammond, who was assisted with selecting his vice president by Bobby Moynihan‘s Gov. Chris Christie ( ).  After sorting through a handful of potential candidates like Jeb Bush, House Speaker Paul Ryan, among others, including Christie, Hammond decided his best candidate for VP was Dr. Ben Carson. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said “like a lot of people,” he wa not sure which version   Donald Trump “is going to walk into the Oval Office”  —   a “reality TV” star or a “business president. ”  Panetta, I think like a lot of people I’m still trying to figure him out and figure out just exactly we are going to have as the new president. He’s very unconventional, and, you know, and you’re just not quite sure which Donald Trump is going to walk into the Oval Office, whether it’s the, you know, the reality TV, tweeting president, or whether it’s the business president who will be   about approaching it. So it’s really, it’s really difficult right now to try to get a sense of just exactly what the   is going to be like. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On the Monday Fox Sports 1 broadcast of “The Herd,” host Colin Cowherd reacted to President Barack Obama staying on Air Force One after landing to see the ending of Game 7 of the NBA Finals.  Guest   Joy Taylor said President Obama “gets a hard time for being a fake sports fan,” and Cowherd brought up Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton, calling her a fake sports fan. “You want to know who’s fake? Hillary,” Cowherd said. “When she [talks about sports] it’s horrible. She’s a politician to the core. Like, Bill Clinton really liked college basketball because he grew up with the Arkansas Razorbacks, who were really good in basketball, so Bill liked college basketball and he knew it. And I knew somebody that knew Clinton and they were like ‘He loves March Madness.’ Hillary doesn’t know squat. ” He then added that Secretary of State John Kerry also “doesn’t know squat about sports. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Texas Senator and Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz argued that both fellow candidates Florida Senator Marco Rubio and Donald Trump will “continue the cronyism” and are viewed as dealmakers by the Washington cartel, which is “divided” between the two on Wednesday’s “Sean Hannity Show. ”  Cruz said, “The Washington cartel, they’re divided between Marco and Donald. They want one or the other. They view both of them as dealmakers. They’ll both continue the status quo. They both will continue the cronyism. They both will continue the corporate welfare. So, for example, both Donald and Marco Rubio promised the governor of Iowa, ‘Hey, we’ll keep the ethanol mandate. We’ll keep the cronyism.’ I said, ‘No. We’ll stand with the American taxpayers and end the favoritism, and have no subsidies for anyone.’ And so the media is doing everything they can to spin Marco’s third place finish into something more than it is. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Tuesday on ABC’s “The View” Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton reiterated her claim from over the weekend that a child, on its due date, just before delivery has no constitutional rights.    Paula Faris asked, “I want to ask you about some comments that you made over the weekend on ‘Meet the Press,’ you said, quote, ‘The unborn person doesn’t have constitutional rights.’ My question is at what point does someone have constitutional rights, and are you saying that a child, on its due date, just hours before delivery still has no constitutional rights?” Clinton said, “Under our law that is the case, Paula. I support Roe versus Wade because I think it is an important  —   an important statement about the importance of a woman making this most difficult decision with consultation by whom she chooses: her doctor, her faith, her family. And under the law and under certainly that decision, that is the way we structure it. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN MSNBC host Joy Reid noted Saturday that the party of “tear down this wall” is now the party of building a wall.  After playing the famous clip of Reagan telling former Soviet Union leader Mikhail Gorbachev to tear down the Berlin Wall, Reid said, “That party is now the party of this. ” MSNBC then cut to a clip of GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump discussing building a wall on the   States border. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent The Clinton campaign says Donald Trump is lashing out like a wounded animal, after he described former president Bill Clinton as a rapist. [“Trump is doing what he does best, attacking when he feels wounded and dragging the American people through the mud for his own gain,” said Clinton campaign press secretary Nick Merrill. “If that’s the kind of campaign he wants to run that’s his choice. ”  Trump revisited Bill Clinton’s lewd escapades in an interview with Sean Hannity, pointing out that the former president had been terrible to women. “In one case, it’s about exposure. In another case, it’s about groping and fondling and touching against a woman’s will,” Hannity said during the interview referring to Bill Clinton. “And rape,” Trump added. The Clinton campaign accused Trump of reacting poorly to news stories about his taxes, trying to change the subject. “So while he licks his wounds, we’ll continue to focus on improving the lives of the American people,” concluded Merrill. On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” Democratic National Committee chairwoman Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) said Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is a “faker” running for president.  Wasserman Schultz said, “When you look at what’s happened this week on the other side of the aisle with basically Toto pulling back the curtain on the wizard and revealing that Donald Trump isn’t on the level, has never been on the level, they basically have a faker running for president of the United States. And, you know, has been the most extreme misogynistic bigoted candidate that the Republican party certainly has ever put forward and probably any candidate who has ever run before. You know, pointed differences between our candidates that at the end of this primary, you know, it’s  —   it pales in comparison to what’s played out on the other side of the aisle. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN   Donald Trump will nominate Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson as his secretary of state, according to two sources close to the transition process speaking to NBC’s Andrea Mitchell. The Trump campaign did not immediately respond to the report. [The Wall Street Journal reported on Friday that Tillerson was leading the field after former Mayor Rudy Giuliani took his name out of the running for the job. New York Times reporter Maggie Haberman reported that Tillerson was expected to meet with Trump today.  Tillerson is a surprising choice, particularly for establishment political forces who urged Trump to select Mitt Romney for the job. Romney signaled interest in the position, appearing publicly to recant his opposition to the  ’s victory. It also shows that Trump will start fresh with his diplomatic team, rather than selecting a   politician. Tillerson has spent his life in the private sector, working with   and has business relationships around the world. On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” Washington Post’s Bob Woodward said attacking   Donald Trump’s cabinet choices of Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) for attorney general, Rep. Mike Pompeo ( ) for CIA director and retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael Flynn as his national security adviser as “one dimensional” was a “giant mistake. ”  Woodward said, “In talking about these people, when you dig into who they are and have controversial pasts, presenting them as one dimensional is a giant mistake. These are complex people. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN advertisement This week’s “Saturday Night Live” was hosted by “Seinfeld” star Julia  .  The cold open was a remake of the Democratic presidential debate held this week in Brooklyn, NY. Larry David, a “Seinfeld” producer, played Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) while Kate McKinnon played Hillary Clinton, and the two debated some before taking questions from the audience. One of the audience members was   playing her “Seinfeld” character Elaine Benes. David as Sanders evaded the question asking how he would break up big banks by saying, “Once I’m elected president, I’ll have a nice scvhitz in the White House gym, I’ll sit them down and yadda yadda yadda, they’ll be broken up. ” “Elaine” then asked “Sanders” if he thought the super rich should pay more in taxes, even those who were actors on very successful sitcoms. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent On Thursday’s broadcast of CNN’s “Wolf,” Chuck Hagel, who served as Defense Secretary under President Obama and as a Republican Senator from Nebraska stated that he doesn’t believed claims from the US government about how many ISIS fighters have been killed.  Hagel responded to a question about whether he believed numbers from US officials about the number of ISIS fighters who have been killed with, “No, I don’t, because first of all, what’s the veracity, the credibility you collect those numbers? That’s to start with. I don’t think the public believes it. My policy has always been, don’t release that kind of thing. ” He added that body counts “make no sense. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett A club to worship Satan may be coming to a Utah elementary school, KUTV reports.  The Satanic Temple is seeking equal treatment as Good News Clubs, which is a group that teaches Christianity in an after school program. Granite School District may have no choice but to allow the Satanic group rent out space, but the group will not be allowed to reach out to and promote to students on campus. Satanic Temple released a disturbing promotional video that said the After School Satan Club would be coming to schools nationwide.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” while commenting on 2016 Green Party presidential nominee Dr. Jill Stein’s attempts to initiate recounts of the presidential vote in several swing states,   Donald Trump’s campaign manager and transition adviser Kellyanne Conway said, ‘I’d say to her give it up. ”  Conway continued, “Even your friends in the Clinton campaign have admitted these recounts won’t change any results. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Tuesday in Wilmington, NC, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump warned a Hillary Clinton presidency could mean trouble for the Second Amendment.  Trump said, “Hillary wants to abolish  —   essentially abolish the Second Amendment. By the way, and if she gets to pick —  if she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do folks. Although the Second Amendment people, maybe there is, I don’t know. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Saturday, Maria Hinojosa, anchor and executive producer of NPR’s “Latino USA,” responded on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” to Donald Trump surrogate Steve Cortes saying “illegal immigrants” by comparing the phrase to the Holocaust Jews being labeled as “illegal people. ”  “What you can do is you can say it is an immigrant living illegally or an immigrant living without papers or without documents in this country,” Hinojosa said while interrupting Cortes. “But what you cannot do is to label a person illegal. And the reason why I say this is not because I learned it from some radical Latino or Latina studies professor when I was a college student. I learned it from Elie Wiesel, who survived the Holocaust, who said, ‘You know what, the first thing they did was that they declared the Jews to be an illegal people. ’” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is responding to the recent news that Gov. Terry McAuliffe of Virginia restored the voting rights of more than 200, 000 felons. [“That’s crooked politics,” Trump told his supporters during his Monday afternoon campaign rally in Warwick, Rhode Island. “I would win Virginia. ”  “They’re giving 200, 000 people that have been convicted of heinous crimes  …    the right to vote. They know they’re going to vote Democrat,” the Republican frontrunner said. “That could be the swing,” referencing Virginia in the general election. “It’s dishonest,” he said about the political system. (Reuters) French President Francois Hollande said on Thursday he would not seek a second term in office in the presidential election in 2017, an unprecedented move that leaves the way open for other   candidates. [It is the first time in decades that an incumbent French president has not sought  . Hollande is the most unpopular president on record. “I am aware today of the risk that going down a route that would not gather sufficient support would entail, so I have decided not to be a candidate in the presidential election,” a   Hollande said in a televised address. All recent polls have predicted that neither Hollande nor any other Socialist candidate would make it past the first round of the election. They predict a   battle between   candidate Francois Fillon and the leader of the   National Front, Marine Le Pen. Read more here. CHEROKEE, Iowa —   “The truth about Hillary Clinton and the truth about Bill Clinton will naturally come out throughout the course of the democratic process,” Sen. Ted Cruz told Breitbart News in an interview on his   bus tour through Iowa. [Cruz told Breitbart News that he doesn’t want to launch personal attacks against Hillary and Bill Clinton’s history with women during Mr. Clinton’s time in office from 1993 to 2001, but does believe that the democratic process will reveal the truth about their history.  “I believe at the end of the day, truth will prevail,” Cruz said. “For the last seven years women have done much, much worse under the   economy. The policies that Hillary Clinton advocates have proven to be a manifest disaster for Americans across the country, but for women in particular. We have seen millions of women enter poverty under Barack Obama. ” A new   poll of North Carolina shows that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is only up one point versus Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. [Clinton earned 44 percent of registered voters in the poll while Trump came in at 43 percent. Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson earned 11 percent.    percent of North Carolina voters believe that Trump is honest and trustworthy  —   ten points above Clinton, who sits at 39 percent. According to CNN, Green Party Candidate Jill Stein was not included on the poll because she will not appear on the ballot there. Obama won North Carolina early in 2008 but Mitt Romney barely pulled off a win in the state in 2012. The   poll included a sample of 1, 009 adults including 912 registered voters. The margin of sampling error is 3. 5 percentage points. Social media analytics firm NewsWhip reports Breitbart News was the 14th largest Facebook publisher in the world for January 2016, ahead of Yahoo, The Hill, and MTV.[ Breitbart News was also 10th in the world for Facebook shares, ahead of ABC News and The Washington Post, and had the 6th most Facebook comments among publishers for January 2016, beating out CBS News, the BBC, and The Huffington Post.   “Breitbart News continues to experience explosive growth and engagement on Facebook,” said Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon. “To see   metrics across all forms of engagement speaks to our active readership’s sophistication and their desire to lead the national conversation. ” Carly Fiorina praised Donald Trump after attending a meeting with the   in Trump Tower in New York. [“The high quality of people that he’s named already says so much about his executive abilities,” she said to reporters after the meeting, praising the president elect for selecting “fantastic people” to serve in his administration.  Fiorina, a former CEO of Hewlett Packard, said she spoke to Trump about the ability to “reset” the way Americans interacted with their government and the role that the United States played in the world. She also joked that Trump had a lot of athletic memorabilia in his office. “I was particular taken by Shaq O’Neal’s shoe, which is huge,” she said. “I guess it takes a champion to know a champion. ” FAYETTEVILLE, N. C. (AP)  —   Authorities in North Carolina say they are looking at Donald Trump’s behavior as they continue their probe of a violent altercation at one of his rallies last week. [advertisement For years, you’ve asked, yelled, and clamored for it  …     and now, it’s here. [The official Breitbart News online store launches today.  Now you have 31 of the coolest,   made in America Breitbart products to choose from  —   products to wear and enjoy each day as all 31 million members of our online community share, laugh, discuss, and unite to fight for the America we love. Bottom line: this is your store for your community. So check it out, pick up a few items for yourself or for Christmas gifts, and spread the word. Oh yeah, and when your new gear arrives and you dig it (and trust us, you will) snap a few photos of yourself sporting your new Breitbart gear, and send them to swagpics@breitbart. com so we can feature you in a forthcoming article. Thank you for being the best damn readers anywhere on the planet. Happy shopping! #WAR, Here are a few sample items  …     From Khizr Khan writing at CNN:  I have implored Trump to study the Constitution, I have implored the Republican leadership to rebuke Trump’s rhetoric and policies. But too often they have stayed quiet. America is already great  —   our experience speaks to that. And the truth is, no single man can lay claim to the idea of making it great. That is why I implore Americans considering voting for a man who claims that only he can make the country great to think again. I ask them to show their better selves come November  —   to reject fear, reject hatred, reject division. America, embrace your neighbor, embrace liberty, justice and freedom for all. Choose a uniter. Choose a healer. Choose the most qualified candidate  —   Hillary Clinton, not Donald Trump. Read the rest of the story at CNN. Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump said that he will have “many women involved” in his administration. [Trump’s comment comes after a Huffington Post report quoted Trump’s top aide Paul Manafort saying Trump won’t pick a vice presidential candidate who is a woman or a minority because “that would be viewed as pandering, I think. ”  “It’s likely that we would have somebody,” but not for any “specific reason,” Trump clarified to reporters on Thursday at a press conference in Bismarck, North Dakota. He added that he suspects having “many women involved. ” Trump was critical of the Huffington Post, questioning whether it covers politics and adding that Manafort was misquoted. Former Obama adviser David Axelrod said Hillary Clinton has a problem with “stealth” not her health on CNN’s “The Lead” on Monday.  Axelrod said, “It’s not health, it’s stealth that is the problem that she has to deal with, and by allowing that six hour gap, they created this sense that they were trying to put one over on people, and that is not helpful to her candidacy. ” He added, “Donald Trump is the most outspoken and least transparent presidential candidate in my lifetime. And, whereas medical records may be something that she needs to respond to because of this incident in 2012, these tax returns are very important in terms of understanding Donald Trump, because he’s a guy who has a huge amount of debt. ” Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo At the weekly Senate GOP leadership press conference, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) said the replacement for the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia should be determined by the future president and not “ ” President Barack Obama.  McConnell said, “So the question is who should make the decision? And my view, and I can now confidently say the view shared by virtually everybody in my conference, is that the nomination should be made by the president the people elect, in the election that’s underway right now. ” He added, “I believe the overwhelming view of the Republican Conference in the Senate is that this nomination should not be filled. This vacancy should not be filled by this   president. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The Jerusalem Post reports: Crossings Authority Inspectors together with the Shin Bet intelligence agency recently foiled an attempt to smuggle commercial multicopter drones into Gaza, authorities announced on Sunday.  The drones were earmarked for use by “terrorist elements in Gaza” to gather intelligence on IDF movements, the Authority said. The inspectors stopped an Israeli truck carrying toys at the Kerem Shalom Crossing, where drones of various types and sizes carrying high quality cameras were found. Additional attempts to smuggle commercial drones were intercepted by the Shin Bet in recent weeks. Read more here On Wednesday’s broadcast of ABC’s “Jimmy Kimmel Live, “presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said that he doesn’t know yet what states should do regarding which bathroom transgendered people should use.  After Trump said he believes the decision on which bathroom transgendered people should use should be a state issue, he was asked how he would vote if New York was deciding. He answered, “Well, the party generally believes that whatever you’re born, that’s the bathroom you use. ” Kimmel then asked, “But what about you?” To which Trump stated, “I say let the states decide. ” After being asked again what he personally supports, Trump repeated that he wants the states to decide, and they’ll “hopefully” do “the right thing. ” When asked what the right thing is, Trump answered, “I don’t know yet. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager Robby Mook avoided answering a question about why the Clinton Foundation is still accepting money from foreign governments during two interviews Sunday morning. [The Clinton Foundation is still taking foreign dollars while Hillary is running for president, despite Bill Clinton’s promise that it would stop taking foreign cash if Hillary Clinton gets elected president.  “Hillary Clinton says The Clinton Foundation will stop taking donations from corporations and foreign governments if she is elected President,” Republican consultant Brad Marston wrote on Facebook. “So: ON SALE NOW. ACCESS AND INFLUENCE! ONLY 80 DAYS LEFT. ALL SALES FINAL!” Mook struggled to dodge the question on CNN Sunday. Trying to deflect to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, Mook declared, “Trump hasn’t released a serious health letter yet. ” Mook also flopped on the question on ABC.  Thursday at the Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley, CA, Republican   nominee Gov. Mike Pence ( ) will host a public event during his swing through Southern California.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo From Alex Isenstadt writing at Politico:  The Never Trump moment is over. While a small group of Republicans has wrung its hands raw over the choice between the GOP’s nominee and Hillary Clinton, the party’s firmament  —   social and intellectual conservatives, the lobbyist and donor class, powerful operatives and outside groups  —   is increasingly getting in line behind Donald Trump. “I am   the Donald Trump candidacy. It’s a very deliberative process. You can’t beat Hillary Clinton with nothing, and the question is can we fundamentally energize conservatives quickly and can we use our joint desires to unite to find a path forward,” said Ken Blackwell, a former ambassador in the George W. Bush White House and key figure in conservative circles who formerly advised an   super PAC. “That’s very methodically playing out. ” Read the rest of the story at Politico. Monday on MSNBC’s New Hampshire primary coverage, “Hardball” host Chris Matthews said former President Bill Clinton was a “little rusty” while on the campaign trail for his wife Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.  After playing a clip of Bill Clinton, Matthews said, “You know, I hate to tell you, this is a hard call. I think Bernie Sanders right now is a better campaigner than Bill  Clinton. Bernie Sanders is on his game. Bill’s out of  —   a little rusty. ” On this weekend’s broadcast of  “Fox News Sunday,” host Chris Wallace asked Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump if he was “in the process of blowing” his campaign.  Trump said, “I don’t think so. I just got great polls from NBC nationwide. I think that we’re doing very well. Don’t forget, you have been thinking about that or asking me that question numerous times over the last  —   since June 16th. That statement was made many times. Did he blow his campaign, only to have higher poll numbers?” He added, “All I can do is do what I do. I’m   my campaign. I’m not a politician that is being controlled by the people that give them money. Believe necessity, they’re totally controlled. I think I’m doing very well. Was this my best week? I guess not. I could have done without the Retweet, et cetera, et cetera. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Jerusalem (AFP)  —   US   Donald Trump pledged Friday to work for a “just, lasting peace” between Israel and the Palestinians, in his first public message on the issue since his upset victory. [advertisement Tuesday on the campaign trail, Republican presidential hopeful Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) reacted to the news that Corey Lewandowski, the campaign manager for his opponent Republican presidential   Donald Trump, was charged with misdemeanor battery for allegations of grabbing former reporter Breitbart News Michelle Fields at a Jupiter, FL campaign event on March 6.  Cruz declared that it was a “consequence” of the “abusive culture” of Trump’s campaign. Cruz said, “It’s a very sad development. This is the consequence of the culture of the Trump campaign. The abusive culture. When you have campaign that is built on personal insults, on attacks, and now, physical violence, that has no place in a political campaign, and it has no place in our democracy. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The New York Times admits that Bill Clinton’s sex scandals now “threaten” his wife Hillary Clinton’s Democratic campaign for the White House. [advertisement Nintendo unveils their new system, the Nintendo Switch, which combines a home gaming console with a portable handheld device that you can switch between for playing at home or on the go. Sunday, on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” political consultant Mary Matalin said the Republican Party created presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump by not being responsive to base voters.  Matalin said, “Donald Trump is  —   did not come out of the head of Zeus, okay? The party created him by being unresponsive to the party’s demands and the success of tsunami midterms, which wanted to have some sort of   of Obamacare, wanted to reduce the overreach of government, wanted a more robust economic recovery, wanted the cessation of the intrusion into their life by all these regulations. That’s what’s going on in every community out there, and Donald Trump is just riding that wave. And he  —   and you’re not wrong about there being  —   but their rhetoric, of both of them, is detached. That’s now how people live. ” Texas authorities have arrested a Huntington, TX middle school teacher after she has been accused of sending a nude photo of herself to a student, per a WFSB report.  The report says Kylie Modisette, 28, has been charged with Class A misdemeanor distribution of harmful material to a minor. According to Ranger Travis Brazil, Modisette sent nude photographs of herself to a    former student through the phone app Snapchat. The boy deleted a screenshot of the picture, but not before sending the screenshot to other students throughout the school. The boy reportedly told authorities Modisette sent him multiple pictures, and that she is his former teacher. Modisette, while speaking with law enforcement, admitted to sending two photographs to the student. She was taken to Angelina County Jail following her arrest but is out on a $1, 500 bond, and has been placed on administrative leave by the school board. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo,   Friday on Fox New Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s campaign chairman Paul Manafort said that the   “Never Trump” movement that planned to challenge Trump’s nomination at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland next week is “nevermore. ”  Manafort said, “They understand very clearly that denying Trump the nomination through some back room deal would destroy the Republican party and that’s  —   not just the presidential election but probably the congress as well. It was never a real opportunity and yesterday in the rules committee, there were two important votes. One was to unbind the delegates  —  to free them to quote ‘vote their conscience,’ that lost  . We crushed them. The second vote was to let voters vote their conscience. They got less votes to the point they didn’t want a recorded vote. As far as I’m concerned, the Never Trump movement is never more. it’s gone. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Former Sen. Alfonse D’Amato ( ) said Sunday on New York AM 970 radio show “The Cats Roundtable” that he is concerned about “riotous conditions” outside of the Republican National Convention.  “I am concerned about what will take place outside of the convention. I think you’re gonna see the same kind of desperados and groups who, in California, were flying Mexican flags, burning American flags,” D’Amato told host John Catsimatidis. “Some of the hooligans will be armed, and I think they’ll look to create real trouble there. I think you’re going to have riotous conditions outside caused by these absolute degenerates who don’t give a darn about this country and are trying to rip us apart. ” D’Amato added that Cleveland may need to add more police to the area or else a “horrendous situation” could unfold around Quicken Loans Arena, the site of the convention. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent This article was originally published by Reuters: advertisement Video of singer Star Genleah Swain’s rendition of the national anthem while at the Lincoln Memorial has now gone viral.  Although initially reluctant, Star Genleah Swain agreed to sing the national anthem. People gathered to watch her sing, applauding loudly as she finished. (  My Fox 8) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo AMES, Iowa (AP)  —   Seeking victory in Iowa, Hillary Clinton has begun channeling the economic indignation of her rival Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, whose unapologetically liberal campaign has tightened the race ahead of Monday’s caucuses and given him a lead in the New Hampshire contest that follows. [advertisement Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton confirms that she feels emotion when she thinks about becoming the first woman nominee for president. [“Do you feel the weight of what this means for people?” asked one reporter on the campaign trail on Monday.  “I do. I do,” she said, praising her supporters for being “passionate” and “committed” to her victory. “It’s really emotional,” she said. “I am someone who has been very touched and really encouraged by this extraordinary conviction that people have. ” She said the emotion came from “predominantly women and girls” but that men had been bringing their daughters to her campaign events to witness history. “I do think that it will make a very big difference for a father or a mother to be able to look at their daughter just like they can look at their son and say ‘You can be anything you want to be in this country, including president of the United States. ” Donald Trump is laying out delivered a long list of things he would do if elected president. [During an appearance in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, he vows to act on them in the first 100 days in office.  “On November Eighth, Americans will be voting for this   plan to restore prosperity to our country, secure our communities, and honesty to our government,” Trump says. “This is my pledge to you and if we follow these steps we will once more have a government of, by and for the people and importantly we will make America great again. Believe me. ” Here is the list of the “Contract with the American Voter” policies detailed by Trump: After President Obama leaves the White House, his family has plans to move to a $5 million mansion in Washington D. C.[According to Politico’s Mike Allen, Obama will lease the mansion from former Bill Clinton press secretary Joe Lockhart and Giovanna Gray.  The home was sold in 2014 for $5, 295, 000 and has 9 beds and 8. 5 bathrooms, according to the McFadden group. It has 8, 200 square feet and was built in 1928. Watch this video to get a feel of how the Obamas will enjoy life after the White House: The Obamas plan to live in Washington D. C. at least until their daughter Sasha finishes high school. The Press Gazette in the UK reports: The senior reporter for   news website Breitbart has hit back at “offensive smears” which have been leveled at the site and its executive chairman Steve Bannon. [The website Salon for instance reported that during Bannon’s time in charge of Breitbart, the website ran articles referring to conservative commentator Bill Kristol as a “renegade Jew” and Washington Post columnist Anne Applebaum as “a Polish, Jewish, American elitist scorned”.  Breitbart senior reporter and Israel bureau chief Aaron Klein has responded to these jibes in a Press Gazette interview.  He said: “To me it’s offensive. There’s nothing about Breitbart that is  . The only time that Breitbart and   should be put in the same sentence is saying that Breitbart defends against  . Read the full story here. In the New York Times, columnist Frank Bruni explains why Marco Rubio doesn’t make sense as Republican nominee. advertisement Donald Trump is ending his “blacklist” of certain media outlets that he began last year, according to CNN. [Starting Thursday, the Trump campaign will approve credentials for the Washington Post, Politico and Buzzfeed  —   which were all previously banned from covering Trump events as press. However, many reporters were able to attend Trump campaign events as members of the general public.  Trump commented on the restoration of credentials to CNN, saying, “I figure they can’t treat me any worse!” The Huffington Post, Des Moines Register and the Daily Beast were also outlets that had been blacklisted by Trump. A    homeowner hooked to a dialysis machine managed to pull a gun and prevent an alleged intruder from entering his home. [The March 8 incident occurred during the morning hours at Cumberland Apartments in Orlando, Florida.  According to Fox 35, Deputies said the suspect allegedly “cut open a screen door and entered the [ ] victim’s place through a patio. ” At that the point the resident said he picked up his dialysis machine and his gun, walked over to the window, and tapped on the glass with gun. The resident said, “Just wanted to let him know, I’ve got a gun. ” The    resident said: “I’m glad he took that advice and jumped back over the rail” and fled the scene. Investigators caught the suspect and identified him as    Jonathan Herd. He is facing burglary charges. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com. Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “Special Report,” Washington Post columnist George Will criticized Republican presidential   Donald Trump for attacking Heidi Cruz, the wife of his opponent Sen. Ted Cruz ( ).  Will said, “The wrong question is will his coarseness and vulgarity hurt his candidacy? His coarseness and his vulgarity are his candidacy. This is considered politically brave somehow to do this. This this is a classic distillation of this year’s campaign  —  first all about Donald Trump and one of his former wives. Second it starts out with him getting the facts entirely wrong as A. B. [Stoddard] says. And then most surreal of all it’s Trump saying this lowered the decorum of the campaign this year. Trump is the keeper of the decorum, you are in trouble. You tried to be delicate a moment ago you said what he did was inappropriate. Using the fish fork with the entree is inappropriate, wearing white after labor day is inappropriate. This is just nasty. We ought to call it that. ” GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) posted an   on Twitter before the Democratic debate on Sunday night, “As the ‪#DemDebate begins, Republicans have to wonder which team ‪@realDonaldTrump would play for. ”[Attached to Cruz’s tweet was a link to a YouTube video, which is a montage of GOP frontrunner Donald Trump praising Democrat frontrunner Hillary Clinton during interviews in the past.  “She really works hard,” Trump stated in one of the old interviews. “I think she does a good job. ” “They are just really terrific people,” he said of both Bill and Hillary Clinton. “I like them both very much. ” Cruz and Trump have been criticizing one another since questions arose about whether or not Cruz was a “natural born” citizen and eligible to run for President of the United States after an interview Trump did with The Washington Post.  Friday on ESPN Radio’s “Mike and Mike,” director Spike Lee discussed his movie “2 Fists Up,” which can be seen on ESPN’s The Undefeated. The movie goes   on last November’s boycott by University of Missouri’s football players over the Concerned Student 1950 movement.  According to Lee, sports have been “huge” for  . “When you talk about   a lot of the stuff we’ve done has been through sports, even Dr. King talked about the impact of Jackie Robinson. You can talk about Muhammad Ali, we can talk about my guys here, John Carlos and Tommie Smith, 1968 olympics. Two fists up. So, sports is huge. And think about it. Jonathan Butler went on a   hunger strike and he was committed to this. He was going to die. He said if Tim Wolfe was not fired or resigned as head of Mizzou, he was willing to die. And the football team heard this and they came in,” Lee explained. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent On Breitbart News Sunday this evening on SiriusXM 125 The Patriot Channel from 7 to 10 p. m. ET, Breitbart News    Alexander Marlow will recap the explosive news week that included the Hillary   Comey hearing and the assassination of police officers at a Black Lives Matter rally. [Guests and topics include:    editor Milo Yiannopoulos will discuss his latest podcast with Ann Coulter, the ridiculous media cycle around Trump’s   star tweet, the Ghostbusters remake, and a new project launching tomorrow.   Sarah Palin will join the show to expand upon her emphatic rebuke of “Black Lives Matter” and a variety of other topics.   of Honor recipient (and Gov. Palin’s   ) Dakota Meyer on the Dallas ambush and America divided.   Texas Editor Brandon Darby will talk the arrest of Breitbart News reporter Lee Stranahan and beefed up security for the RNC, which begins in one week. Julian Hattan writes at The Hill that former Republican NeverTrumpers are starting to see the political landscape a bit differently.  During the course of the campaign,   Donald Trumpencountered unprecedented amounts of animosity from within his own party, largely over concerns that he would undermine American security and its role on the global stage. But more than three weeks after Election Day, some of the same forces that once opposed him are beginning to reckon with the reality of a    President Trump, and deciding that it’s better to work with the future commander in chief than against him. Months ago, Romney excoriated Trump as a “fraud” and “con man” whose “foreign policies would make America and the world less safe. ” Now, he has now spent multiple hours trying to win a spot in Trump’s cabinet, offering increasingly flattering praise. You can read the rest of the story here. Thursday at Georgetown Law School, Vice President Joe Biden said Republican senators blocking a vote on Judge Merrick Garland, President Obama’s nomination to the Supreme Court to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia, “can lead to a genuine constitutional crisis. ”  Biden added Republicans are “quoting selectively” from his Senate floor in 1992 when he argued against Supreme Court nominations until “after the political campaign season is over,” saying the “Biden Rule,” doesn’t exist. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) has referenced Biden’s 1992 speech dubbing it the “Biden rule” when making an argument for not moving froward with hearings for Garland. On Thursday’s broadcast of CNN’s “New Day,” CNN Politics Executive Editor Mark Preston said Democrats are in “total shatters,” and host John Berman dubbed House Minority Leader Representative Nancy Pelosi ( ) “the personification, in some ways, of why the Democrats lost. ”  Berman said Pelosi “is the personification, in some ways, of why the Democrats lost. She’s a San Francisco liberal. She’s a coastal liberal, elite, seen as out of touch with the middle of the country. ” Preston added that the Democratic Party is in “total shatters, right now. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Political consultant Mike Murphy’s   Super PAC released an ad today hitting the freshman senator for his fancy boots  —   and his political record. [In a video titled “Boots,” the Right To Rise Super PAC highlights Rubio’s record on Syria, Immigration,    and Iran as a man wearing fancy boots struts across the screen to the tune of Nancy Sinatra’s “Boots” song.   The lyrics, however, are rewritten to accuse Rubio of   on important political issues. Rubio supporters were furious by the ad, suggesting that the Right To Rise Super PAC that supported Bush was more focused on tearing down Rubio. “After spending $75 million with nothing to show for it, Jeb Bush campaign exists now for sole purpose of tearing down conservatives like Marco Rubio,” Rubio Senior advisor Joe Pounder wrote on Twitter this morning after the ad was released. “Jeb Bush was once willing to lose primary to win general. Now he’s losing primary and appears determined to help Hillary Clinton win (the) general. ” Whatever happens next, Donald Trump has already made political history. He has restored the most powerful political coalition in the annals of US elections —  namely, the     alliance of North and South. [I don’t want their money. I’m going to do the right thing for the American public. I don’t want, I don’t need their money. And I’m the only one up here that can say that. TEL AVIV  —   A bystander posted a video of the moment one of the suspects in Wednesday’s Tel Aviv shooting attack was neutralized on a crowded street. [At least three people were killed and five or more were seriously wounded in the suspected terrorist shooting attack in Tel Aviv’s Sarona Market, an upscale food and shopping center in the heart of central Tel Aviv.  The video shows a suspected terrorist being neutralized on Haarba’a Street, located several blocks from the market.  Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook. Donald Trump’s campaign released a new television ad on Friday titled, “Donald Trump’s Argument for America. ”[The   ad will run on prime time national news and entertainment channels, including NFL, NASCAR, and NCAA programs.  It’s a $4 million ad purchase aimed at major markets in key battleground states including: Pennsylvania, Ohio, Nevada, Florida, Michigan, Ohio, Iowa, Colorado, North Carolinaand New Mexico, according to the Trump campaign press release. “This is Mr. Trump’s positive closing message to American voters, and it comes at a time when Secretary Clinton has abandoned any positive message of her own. We believe voters are looking to go in a new direction and Mr. Trump is ready to lead this change,” stated Trump’s Senior Communications Adviser Jason Miller.  advertisement Friday on Fox Business Network’s “Varney  Company,” reacting to reports that former Gov. Mitt Romney ( ) might publicly apologize to   Donald Trump for his criticisms of   Trump, Rep. Chris Collins ( ) said he should “absolutely” make “a public apology.’  Collins  said, “Oh, yeah. absolutely. There’s no question Charles, by the way happy Thanksgiving. You know Mitt Romney said some awful things but now we are seeing chief excursive Donald J. Trump run and surround himself to the best an brightest. We’ve seen that’s how he operates in his business. And so I think as we’re seeing cabinet pecks he’s picking best and brightest. ” “He’s looking beyond if you will some of the comments folks may have made or who they were supporting,” he continued. “But I actually think Mitt Romney went overboard an he absolutely should apologize, whether he’s seek to be secretary of state or not. Donald J. Trump is the  . He’s the Republican, and he should do that. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus downplayed a New York Times report on how presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has allegedly treated women.  Priebus said “We’ve been working on this primary for over a year and I’ve got to tell you, I think that all these stories that come out, and they come out every couple weeks, people just don’t care. I think people look at Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton and say who is going to bring an earthquake to D. C. ” He added, “But I don’t think Donald Trump and his personal life is something that people are looking at and saying, ‘Well I’m surprised he’s had girlfriends in the past.’ That’s not what people look at Donald Trump for. I think the traditional playbook and analysis really don’t apply. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Tuesday after a number of major media outlets declared Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to be the next president of the United States, Trump addressed a crowd at the Midtown Hilton in the Manhattan borough of New York City.  In that address, Trump congratulated his opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton on a hard fought race and thanked members of his family and his campaign staff. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo On Saturday, Breitbart News Network    Alexander Marlow appeared on  ’s Washington Journal to discuss the media coverage of the 2016 presidential election and the intricacies of the exciting primary season. [You can watch the full discussion below. Highlights with time stamps:  •9:30  —   Marlow explains the phony outrage at Donald Trump over the KKK and how it follows a pattern of “media bigotry” against Republicans. •18:00  —   The Breitbart editor breaks down why Mitt Romney resurfacing to attack Trump was not effective. •20:30  —   Alex on how Andrew Breitbart surprised him and what the Breitbart News founder might have thought about the 2016 election. •22:15  —   How illegal immigration propelled Donald Trump to the front of the GOP pack. •36:00  —   Marlow defends traditional marriage and Breitbart’s openly gay editor Milo Yiannopoulos, whom the Breitbart EIC describes as “the most effective voice against the ‘social justice warriors’ who are ruining our college campuses. ”  Congressman Andy Harris ( ) endorsed GOP presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson for president on Wednesday. [“As a physician, veteran, Congressman, and member of the House Freedom Caucus, I am proud to endorse Dr. Carson,” Harris, who served as a doctor and military officer, stated in a press release on Wednesday. “He will restore America to greatness  —   not as a punch line in a campaign, but as a belief in returning America to its Constitutional roots. What we saw in the debate last Saturday reminds us just how much we need someone thoughtful like Dr. Carson in the White House. ”  “I’m honored and humbled to have the support of Congressman Harris,” Carson responded to the endorsement. Throughout his service both to Maryland and the country as a whole, Andy has exemplified the integrity I have sought to embody in my campaign. He is a true   and I know that with his support and the faith of “We the People,” we can begin to “Heal, Inspire and Revive this great nation. ” MSNBC’s Melissa   reacted to GOP   Donald Trump skipping Thursday’s GOP Debate by commending Fox News’ Megyn Kelly for keeping him away from the debate.  “I want to talk about my favorite beef of the night, which was Megyn Kelly and Trump, who did an awesome job. So awesome,”   exclaimed. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent advertisement A Davis County prosecutor is asking whether the Department of Justice and the FBI backed away from investigating a possible connection between a potential $2 million bribe and Majority Leader Harry Reid. [From the Salt Lake Tribune: advertisement As Hillary Clinton prepares to accept the Democratic Party’s nomination, we’re interested in getting your opinion on the following questions.[        On Thursday’s “CNN Tonight,” filmmaker Michael Moore stated that Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) would have “absolutely” won the general election if he had been the Democratic Party’s nominee.  Moore said that while “of course there’s misogyny, and there’s sexism,” “Democrats need to start running people who are inspiring.   …     Why don’t we run people who are beloved by the American people?” When asked if he thought Sanders would have won the general election if he had won the nomination, Moore answered, “Well, absolutely, of course I believe that. ” He added that people should remember “the majority of our fellow Americans wanted her, not him. She is winning the popular vote. That’s who the American people agree with, Hillary Clinton, alright? Because of an archaic system that we have, he’s going to be the  . ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett On Saturday’s “AM Joy” on MSNBC, communications consultant Tara Dowdell said Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway’s job with the Trump campaign is to be the “white woman that people can be comfortable with. ”  “[Conway] is really a campaign spokesperson,” Dowdell told host Joy Reid. “A real campaign manager is on the campaign doing the work of the campaign, not on television  . Her job is to go on television and put a face on that campaign, a face of a white woman that people can be comfortable with and to contrast with Trump. That is her real job and that’s the problem. She does not have the say because Trump is not going to give her the say. That is not consistent with who he is and how he treats women. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  Andrew Breitbart, 1969  —   2012[#WAR One of the protesters at DePaul University yesterday had some gentle words of peace, compassion and tolerance for a Trump supporter at the event.[  You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter, add him on Facebook, and download Milo Alert! for Android to be kept up to date on his latest articles. i24 News reports: Municipal workers in central Israel on Sunday sprayed pesticides in the vicinity of the home of a person found to be carrying the dangerous Zika virus, local media reported. [The operation covered some 4, 000 square meters around the patient’s home in the city of Rishon LeZion, approximately 18 kilometers south of Tel Aviv.  Israel’s Health Ministry said that the measure was necessary in order to prevent the disease from spreading to the patient’s neighbors, according to the Ynet news site. No information was given about the patient. So far, there have been at least 10 confirmed cases of Zika in Israel contracted outside the country. Israel’s Ministry of Health has been monitoring the Zika outbreak and said it has been following recommendations from medical professionals and disease specialists. Read more here. MoveOn. org is endorsing Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ). [The group, which was formed to support President Bill Clinton during his impeachment in the 1990s, has chosen to endorse Sanders rather than former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.  In a statement released Tuesday, Ilya Sheyman, MoveOn Political Action’s executive director, vowed to help Sanders turn out voters in early states. “This is a massive vote in favor of Bernie Sanders, showing that grassroots progressives across the country are excited and inspired by his message and track record of standing up to big money and corporate interests to reclaim our democracy for the American people,” Sheyman said. Republican vice presidential candidate Mike Pence mocked the media hysteria surrounding Donald Trump’s candidacy on Monday night. “Almost every day, they come up with something new and different,” he said at an Ashland, Virginia rally. “They say, ‘Now we’ve got him! Now he said this. We can parse that. ’”[“‘He tweeted this! ’” Pence continued with a laugh. “And then they think they finally got him, and then they turn on the television the next morning and Donald Trump is still standing stronger than ever before and fighting for the American people. ”  “This shit really is fun to watch,” he added. WATCH: Pence will debate Democratic vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine Tuesday night at 9 PM EST. On Monday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,”   Mika Brzezinski argued that   echo chambers on college campuses are “the reason we lost. ”  After reading from Nicholas Kristof’s   “The Dangers of Echo Chambers on Campus,” Brzezinski agreed with Kristof’s assessment that liberals too often embrace diversity and tolerance, except for ideological diversity and tolerance for conservatives. After fellow   former Republican Congressman Joe Scarborough said liberals should read Kristof’s   Brzezinski added, “for the reason we lost. ” (  WFB) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump’s former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski says he has no professional regrets about how he ran the Trump campaign. [“I have no regrets when it comes to this campaign,” Lewandowski said, but he did add a personal regret. “My biggest regret in the campaign is not being able to have my family more involved. ”  Lewandowski didn’t disclose any reason behind his firing. “I think what’s fair to say is anybody that knows me  …    knows that I’m a very straight shooter,” he told CNN’s Dana Bash on Monday afternoon following the announcement of his removal when asked about people questioning his advice to Trump. “I tell people the way it is. ” “I’m not smart enough to lie,” he added, remaining loyal to Trump during the interview. Lewandowski said his job was to give his best advice and opinion, saying, “That’s my duty and my obligation to anybody. ” Is George H. W. Bush voting for Hillary Clinton? https:  .  @pbump  @davidgregory weigh in. https:  .  Tuesday on CNN’s “New Day,” CNN’s David Gregory reacted to a report former Republican President George H. W. Bush will be voting for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton over his party’s Republican nominee Donald Trump.  Gregory told host Chris Cuomo he’d be “shocked” if Clinton didn’t receive the former 41st president’s vote. “I do think they’ll be shy about saying it publicly,” Gregory said. “They don’t want to help Trump. But, I’d be shocked if [George] H. W. Bush is not voting for Hillary. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor WASHINGTON (AP)  —   Ohio Rep. Tim Ryan said Thursday he will challenge Rep. Nancy Pelosi as House minority leader, shaking up the Democratic leadership race after the party’s electoral shellacking. [advertisement The Jerusalem Post reports: All international humanitarian organizations need to immediately halt all aid money to Gaza until it can be proven that the money isn’t being squandered by Hamas, a leading   said Wednesday. [“The enemy of the people of Gaza is Hamas, not Israel. Hamas has hijacked the coastal strip and rules over its people with an iron fist. For decades, the leadership of Hamas has robbed its people of aid money,” said Special Envoy to the United Nations Laurie  .  “The time has come to halt all aid money into the Gaza Strip as long as Hamas is in control. ” Her position comes hours after a UN employee in Gaza was indicted for funneling charity donations to fund Hamas naval units and days after a representative of the Evangelical World Vision organization was accused of channeling up to $50 million in charitable donations to the Islamist group. Read more  here. In a clip that was aired on Friday’s “CNN Newsroom,” former President Bill Clinton said that “even with” moderator Matt Lauer, Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton “did just fine” during Wednesday’s    Forum.  Clinton was asked if he was, “confident in the moderators after the other night?” He responded, “Well even with that, she did just fine. And, you know, the only thing that bothered me was that I thought there should have been more discussion about that Mexico trip, because he said his trip was a success because the finance minister got fired. ” (  Washington Free Beacon) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Police used pepper spray on protesters who were outside of GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s campaign rally Saturday night in Kansas City, Missouri. [Police use pepper spray on crowd outside Trump appearance in Kansas City https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   newsobserver. com (@newsobserver) March 13, 2016,   Trump called for protesters inside his rally, who were continuously interrupting his speech, to be arrested. Police arrested four people, according to ABC News. “We’re going to take our country back from these people,” Trump said. “These are bad, bad people. ” A    Wisconsin basketball player is recovering after a freak accident on the court left her impaled by a floorboard, according to a report by Fox 6 Now.  The girl was sliding on the court after bumping into an opponent and she slid on the court until she became stuck on the splintered floorboard. “I mean, there’s no rhyme or reason to this one,” said tournament organizer Perry Hibner. The official told the girl to get up, but she informed him she was unable to. “And the official said, ‘What do you mean? Are you hurt?’ And she’s like, ‘There’s a piece of wood stuck to me,” Hibner described. According to Hibner, the splinter was about three to four inches long. He does not expect any legal actions to be taken from the “complete fluke” incident. Hibner also said the injured girl is expected to be back in action in the near future. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Democratic presidential candidates Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) and Hillary Clinton got into a heated exchange Sunday night at the Michigan Democratic debate when Sanders stopped Clinton from interrupting him by saying, “Excuse me, I’m talking. ”[The Democratic candidates were arguing over the auto bailout and the 2008 bailout of Wall Street.  “I voted to save the auto industry —  he voted against the money that ended up saving the auto industry,” Clinton said about Sanders. “If you are talking about the Wall Street bailout, where some of you friends destroyed this economy —  ” Sanders said before being interrupted by Clinton. “Excuse me, I’m talking,” Sanders said to Clinton. “If you’re going to talk, tell the whole story,” Clinton shot back. “I’ll tell my story, you tell yours. Your story is for voting for every disastrous trade deal and voting for corporate America,” Sanders said to Clinton.   From Ben Hartman writing at The Jerusalem Post:  Somewhere in a Haredi neighborhood of Jerusalem in May 1998, a    girl opened the newspaper and learned she was no longer alone. Aylin   saw the news that that Israeli transgender singer Dana International had just won the Eurovision, changing her world forever. “I saw her and I realized that there’s another one like me out there, that I’m not alone. “Where were you when you heard Dana International won the Eurovision” isn’t a typical question for a beauty pageant contestant, but this was no typical pageant. The first ever “Miss Trans Israel Pageant” packed an auditorium at the Bima National Theater in Tel Aviv on Friday, to mark the beginning of the 2016 Pride Events in Tel Aviv. The winner of the event  —      Ta’alin Abu Hanna, a Christian Arab from Nazareth, will represent Israel at the Miss TransStar International pageant in Barcelona in September. Read the rest of the story at The Jerusalem Post. LONDON (AP)  —   As Yahoo’s embattled email service suffers through a slew of bad news, some users are finding it hard to leave. [advertisement Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin is being considered to be   Donald Trump’s secretary of Veterans Affairs, ABC News reports. [NEW: Sarah Palin under consideration for Secretary of Veterans Affairs, sources tell @ABC News.  —  @shushwalshe,  —   ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) November 30, 2016,   Palin has been a Trump loyal supporter throughout the GOP primary and general election. She campaigned with him ahead of the Iowa caucus earlier this year. An earlier report from the Hill suggested Palin may be in the running to lead the Interior Department. The Times of Israel reports:  “I was so much older then, I’m younger than that now,” Bob Dylan sang in 1964’s “My Back Pages. ”[  or no, the legendary Jewish folk singer turns 75 on Tuesday.  While Dylan’s Jewishness has been examined and reexamined over the years, relatively little attention has been paid to his 1983 song “Neighborhood Bully”  —   a rare declaration of   Israel support by a mainstream American rocker. The lyrics equate Israel with an “exiled man,” who is unjustly labeled a bully for fending off constant attacks by his neighbors. Dylan released the song on his second studio album, “Infidels,” in the wake of his brief   Christian phase during the late 1970s and early 1980s. Read more here,   On the Friday ESPN Radio broadcast of “Mike and Mike,” NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said the league will be working to “get the right policies and the right laws in place” in North Carolina in response to the state’s “bathroom law. ”  “[O]ur position on discrimination is very clear. We were very open that, in Georgia, when they were  —   the governor was considering signing a bill that that could impact our decision on a future Super Bowl. We do have a league meeting in Carolina in a couple weeks. It will be a   meeting. And we have a team operating there. And we want  —   we feel like we should be there, as a league, and as a team, and try to work to try to get the right policies and the right laws in place, and we will do that,” Goodell stated. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Traditional yoga has taken an emotional twist with “rage yoga,”  Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter @AdelleNaz. On Saturday, one of the greatest college football games in recent memory occurred at Ohio State, with the Buckeyes beating the Michigan Wolverines in a dramatic   thriller. [On Monday, Ohio State became the scene of an entirely different drama, when an   old Somali student named Abdul Razak Ali Artan went on an   stabbing rampage.  Professor William Clark, one of those wounded by Artan, made sure to point out that despite the terrorist attack, we shouldn’t lose track of the bigger picture. In an interview with   Professor Clark hit the ultimate priority reset. “We’re a great university,” he explained. “We still beat Michigan. ” Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn Monday in Spokane, WA, while campaigning for his wife, Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton, former President Bill Clinton characterized President Barack Obama’s time in office as the “awful legacy of the last eight years. ”  Clinton said, “If you believe we can all rise together, if you believe we’ve finally come to the point where we can put the awful legacy of the last eight years behind us, and the seven years before that where we were practicing   economics and no regulation in Washington, which is what cause the crash, then you should vote for her. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN A woman in Virginia has developed a bra in which women can conceal a knife or pepper spray for protection while exercising by themselves.[  A man attacked Jennifer Cutrona last April while she ran on a trail near her home. She wore earbuds and did not hear the man approach her. “If I were to be killed senselessly on a trail for somebody’s thrill, how bad it would impact their world? !” she said. She invented and patented the “Booby Trap Bra,” specifically “designed for activity. ” A woman can easily hide a knife or pepper spray in it. “It had to happen for me to move forward,” she continued. “I was excited that I got away, but I know a lot of women aren’t that lucky. ” Democratic   nominee Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) and Republican   nominee Gov. Mike Pence ( ) will face off in the   debate Tuesday at 9 p. m. ET at Longwood University in Farmville, VA.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo ST. LOUIS (AP)  —   Donald Trump, on the defensive since a video came out depicting him using vulgar language about women and seeming to condone sexual assault, held a   appearance Sunday with women who accused Bill Clinton of rape and unwanted sexual advances. [advertisement Officials have accepted the plea of a    illegal immigrant on charges that he sexually assaulted a    girl in 2014. [Franklin County, Alabama court officials said Pedro Ramirez Rocha of Russellville pleaded guilty to   assault.  Rocha was indicted last September on four counts of sexual abuse of a child under 12 after the girl’s family came forward. Authorities said that the plea deal was approved with the agreement of the child’s parents, who hoped to avoid a lengthy trial. The parents said that they wanted to avoid further trauma to their little girl, now 11. “They were concerned about the stress the case would put on their child,” Franklin County District Attorney Joey Rushing said. “But they were ready to go forward if (Rocha) had not entered the guilty plea. ” Rocha will serve five years in prison, then be deported, prosecutors said. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com Wednesday at the White House’s “Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day,” when asked about potentially running for president one day like her predecessor former first lady Hillary Clinton, first lady Michelle Obama said, “I will not run for president. ”  Michelle Obama said, “Hillary Clinton is an impressive woman and I’ll not do what she has done. I’ll not run for president. But there are other things that I want to do to stay involved in working in public service. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Wednesday, Republican presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson told The Des Moines Register editorial board there should be “secret shoppers” monitoring government agencies for political bias, inefficiency and unresponsiveness.  Carson said, “I believe in the secret shopper concept for all government agencies. I believe that there should be people out there who are acting as consumers and seeing if we are taking care of them appropriately. ” He added, “Not just classrooms and libraries, but anything that the taxpayers are paying for. We ought to be monitoring it and making sure it is done appropriately. ” On monitoring schools, Carson said, “Basically, when complaints are heard, you know, from students or from other faculty members, you would go in and investigate. You can do that rather surreptitiously. ” Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN President of Liberty University Jerry Falwell Jr.  —   the site where Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) launched his presidential campaign  —   endorsed Donald Trump for President of the United States on Tuesday. [Falwell said Trump is “a successful executive and entrepreneur, a wonderful father and a man who I believe can lead our country to greatness again. ”  The Washington Post reports the endorsement represents: “the blessing of one of the evangelical community’s biggest names just days before the Iowa caucuses. ” “It is truly an honor to receive Jerry’s endorsement. Not only is he a   person, with a wonderful family, whom I have great respect for  —   I also consider him a very good friend and his support means so much to me,” Trump said of the endorsement. From Javier Manjarres writing at The Shark Tank:  Days before the all important Florida    presidential primary race takes place, possibly ending Senator Marco Rubio’s presidential campaign, Stephen Miller, Senior Policy advisor to Donald Trump sat down with me to discuss Rubio’s   endorsement and push for the disastrous Senate “Gang of Eight” immigration reform bill of 2013. According to Miller, Rubio’s immigration bill was ” guided by Barack Obama,” who is the “Progressives Progressive. ” Miller started it off by all but saying that Rubio’s campaign was dead in the water, this after one of his staffers told Ohio voters to vote for Kasich and not Rubio in that states primary election. Read the rest of the story at The Shark Tank. On Friday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Rachel Maddow Show,” anchor Rachel Maddow said that “there’s a pretty good chance we don’t know who the Republican candidate is for president by the end of this weekend. ”  Maddow said, “I honestly feel like there’s a pretty good chance we don’t know who the Republican candidate is for president by the end of this weekend. ” Fellow anchor Chris Hayes agreed, stating, “[T]here’s things that make me start to think that might not be so crazy. ” (  Real Clear Politics) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Hillary Clinton dropped into a bar with her entourage and found herself crashing a bachelor party, a situation that turned into a photo op for the Democratic candidate for president. [Joe Schreck and his groomsmen were having a round of Bloody Marys to celebrate his upcoming wedding when Clinton and her campaign staff descended on Saffron, a café and bar in Charleston, South Carolina, reports the Washington Post.  “I love having men at my feet,” Clinton said, as her personal photographer, Barb Kinney, suggested some of the groomsmen kneel around Clinton for a photo. “This is exciting,” Clinton added. “That looks like a really good Bloody Mary. ” Schreck  —   who says he is a big fan of Clinton’s but is still undecided about whom he will vote for in the primary  —   invited Clinton to his wedding, but she declined. This week’s “Saturday Night Live” on NBC opened with hitting GOP   Donald Trump surrogate Scottie Neil Hughes and Trump himself over his issues with women with a parody of Hughes’ CNN interviews.  Cecily Strong, playing the role of Hughes, lampooned Hughes while defending Trump. She called the retweeting of the photograph of fellow GOP candidate Ted Cruz an “accident,” using the excuse that Trump’s hands are “so big” that he cannot see what he retweets. The interview later cut to a live Trump rally where Trump was punching a supporter, and “Hughes” defended him saying the supporter had a bee on his face. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent On Friday’s broadcast of CNN’s “AC360,” former Obama adviser and CNN Political Commentator Van Jones stated that   Trump has “not spoken like a patriot yet. ”  Trumps said Trump “certainly knows how to respond when it’s personal. He knows how to respond when it’s partisan. You have the first attack on our country, acknowledged, since he’s been elected, and he’s not responded like a patriot yet. Now, that is very disturbing. Now, you guys keep wanting to point out that Obama did this and he did that, oh, and when  —   Van, when Trump gets here he’s going to do x, y, and z. The reality is, he talks all the time. He’s speaking tonight. He tweets like my children do, and he’s not spoken like a patriot yet. ” (  Mediaite) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Rio de Janeiro (AFP)  —   Brazilian police said they arrested a Moroccan boxer on Friday for allegedly sexually assaulting two female cleaners in the Olympic Village in Rio de Janeiro. [Officers arrested Hassan Saada, 22, on suspicion of committing the assault on Wednesday, a police statement said.  “According to investigations, on August 3 the athlete sexually assaulted two Brazilian room cleaners who were working in the Athletes’ Village,” it said. The arrest came as Rio prepared to host the opening ceremony for the Olympic Games on Friday evening, with world leaders visiting. Police sources told the news site G1 that Saada was accused of calling the cleaners to his room and then touching them. A judge granted a police request for Saada to be held in preventive detention for two weeks, it added. The International Boxing Association lists Saada on its website as a   “newcomer to the international scene” who has won two youth titles in Morocco. Friday on the Hugh Hewitt’s syndicated radio show, CBS’s “Face the Nation” host John Dickerson said Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton was likely more “vindictive” than presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.  When asked who would be more vindictive towards their political enemies, Clinton or Trump, Dickerson said, “I think Clinton. Trump is very tough on those he does not like, as I know. But he gets over it. But now having said that, I think about some of the people who are now supporting Hillary Clinton who supported Obama last time, and where there were really hard feelings, and now she’s working in sync with them. So man, that’s a good tough question. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Florida Gov. Rick Scott threw his support behind GOP frontrunner Donald Trump on Wednesday, saying it is time Republicans “come together. ”[“With his victories yesterday, I believe it is now time for Republicans to accept and respect the will of the voters and coalesce behind Donald Trump,” Scott stated.  Trump responded on Twitter: Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 16, 2016,  MILO will speak at the University of Alabama today, October 10th, in a discussion titled, “Obama Just Handed the Internet Over to Monsters. ”[The event will take place at 8:00 PM (EST) in the Ferguson Theater, University of Alabama. This is the eighth event in the second leg of MILO’s Dangerous Faggot Tour across the country. Like his previous shows, it’s a sold out night.  MILO will discuss how President Obama has ceded US control of the internet to shadowy globalist foreign regimes. You can watch the live stream below, at the scheduled time.  Iowa GOP state Chairman Jeff Kauffman called in as a guest on “The Cats Roundtable” on New York’s   on Sunday.  He told show host John Catsimatidis GOP presidential candidate Ted Cruz’s opposition to ethanol is a definitely a “factor” with Iowa voters. “It’s an important issue out here. I don’t think it’s an issue that will sink or allow one candidate to rise necessarily, but, I mean, it is a factor. Everybody has an opinion out here. If Senator Cruz wants to explain his position, and I know he has an explanation for that, he can take it right to the people out here, and I’m guessing that he will. ” Kaufmann was then asked who would win the election if it was tomorrow, but he refused to answer, only saying Cruz and Donald Trump both have the “inside track. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton dismissed questions about her F. B. I. testimony that was released over the weekend, insisting that they were part of a “conspiracy theory machine factory. ”[“I believe I’ve created so many jobs in the story of conspiracy theory machine factory, because honestly they never quit. They keep coming back. ” she said.  She said the F. B. I. had already investigated her email habits and that the report “debunked” all of the additional lies that were exposed as a result. “Their report answered all the questions,” she insisted. “The findings included debunking his latest conspiracy theories. ” She also complained that too many Republicans focused on “partisan conspiracy theorizing” instead of working together to solve problems. The Root’s political editor Jason Johnson appeared on MSNBC Saturday to discuss the 2016 presidential race.  Johnson said Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton “would never” risk losing out on the White House by having a   ticket. “I think when Hillary met with Elizabeth Warren in early 2015 she Jedi mind tricked her, convinced her not to join the race,” Johnson stated. “She would never run the risk of having two women on the ticket and giving the White House to Donald Trump. She’s going to pick a white male from the Midwest. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent advertisement On this weekend’s broadcast of on “Fox News Sunday,”   Donald Trump said he is “very  ” on environmental issues.  Trump said, “I’m very  . I’m still  . Nobody really knows. Look, I’m somebody that gets it, and nobody really knows. It’s not something that’s so hard and fast. I do know this, other countries are eating our lunch. If you look at what China is doing, if you look at what  —   I could name country after country. You look at what’s happening in Mexico where our plants are being built. They don’t wait 10 years to get an approval to build a plant. They build it like the following day or the following week. We can’t let all of these permits that take forever to get stop our jobs. I won because of the fact that people that are great, great American people have been forgotten. I call them the forgotten man and the forgotten woman. They’ve been forgotten. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Former Mexican president Felipe Calderón said Mexico won’t be paying for a wall to be built along America’s southern border as GOP frontrunner Donald Trump has vowed to build at the expense of Mexico. [“We are not going to pay any single cent for such a stupid wall! And it’s going to be completely useless,” Calderón said.  During an interview with CNBC’s Hadley Gamble, he said it’s “incredible” that the United States  —   an “admirable society”  —   has presidential candidates such as Trump. Calderón responded to Trump’s tough stance on immigration, saying, “The first loser of such a policy would be the United States. If this guy pretends that closing the borders to anywhere, either for trade [or] for people, is going to provide prosperity to the United States, he is completely crazy., (Reuters)  —   Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s lead over Republican rival Donald Trump narrowed to less than 3 percentage points, according to a   opinion poll released on Friday, down from nearly eight points on Monday. [About 42 percent of likely voters favored Clinton, to Trump’s 39 percent, according to the July  . 4 online poll of 1, 154 likely voters. The poll had a credibility interval of plus or minus 3 percentage points, meaning that the results suggest the race is roughly even.  Among registered voters over the same period, Clinton held a lead of five percentage points, down from eight percentage points on Monday, according to the poll. The reasons behind the shift were unclear. Read the rest of the story at Reuters. NBC’s Today Show host Matt Lauer is set to moderate a forum with presidential candidates Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton in New York City. [Lauer will not be moderating a debate, but rather interviewing the two candidates, who will presumably be sitting down answering questions from a   audience.  This forum will give Trump an opportunity to rail against Clinton’s vote for the Iraq War and present himself as a change agent on foreign policy.  On the Monday broadcast of “The Herd” on Fox Sports 1, host Colin Cowherd blamed former NFL quarterback Tim Tebow’s “  crazy fans” for Tebow being out of a job at this point in his career.  According to Cowherd, Tebow can still play in the NFL due to his athleticism, but “his fans ended up hurting him. ” “I think with Tebow, his fans ended up hurting him,” he said. “I think Tebow’s fans hurt Tebow more than Tebow. Nobody wants Tebow because his   crazy fans that take over the stadium. That’s why Denver had to go out and get Peyton Manning, because Tebowmania took over Denver. Tim’s a good enough athlete to be on every roster in this league, absolutely. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent French police arrested a man carrying an   curved machete at the site of a vigil for victims of the terrorist attack in Nice, France. [advertisement One ice cream shop in Miami is celebrating Fidel Castro’s death with a new ice cream flavor. [Azucar Ice Cream Company, located in the Little Havana section of Miami, has created an ice cream flavor called “Burn in Hell Fidel” to celebrate the dictator’s death, the Miami New Times reports.  “This ice cream is specifically for Fidel’s death, says owner Suzy Battle. “May he burn in Hell is the inspiration. ” The flavor is homemade chocolate ice cream with a kick of cayenne pepper. Battle says the heat “is for the Hell that Castro should be in now. ” Azucar is also known for its   ice cream flavors, such as cafe con leche, platano maduro, and Abuela Maria, named after Battle’s grandmother, who was born and raised in Cuba. The new flavor costs $4 per scoop and will be a permanent part of the shop’s ice cream line. Fidel Castro died at age 90 on Friday. Cubans from Miami to California have been celebrating Castro’s death. President Obama reacted to the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia after wrapping up his golf game in California this afternoon. [“Tonight we honor his extraordinary service to our nation and remember one of the towering legal figures of our time,” Obama said, describing him as a “brilliant legal mind with a pugnacious style, incisive wit, and colorful opinions. ”  The president made his statement at Rancho Mirage, California. But Obama quickly vowed that he would nominate a replacement to the Supreme Court and expected the Senate to confirm his choice. “I plan to fulfill my constitutional responsibilities to nominate a successor in due time,” he said. “There will plenty of time for me to do so and for the Senate to fulfill its responsibility to give that person a fair hearing and a timely vote. ” Obama said he took his constitutional responsibilities “seriously. ” “They’re bigger than any one party,” he added. “They’re about our democracy. ” WATCH: Father of shooter in Orlando club tells NBC News: “We are apologizing for the whole incident”https:  .  According to a report on this weekend’s broadcast of NBC’s “Sunday Today,” Mir Seddique, father of suspected Orlando mass shooter Omar Mateen, told NBC News when reached by phone that the incident had “nothing to do with religion. ”  The statement, read by show host Willie Geist, included an apology from Seddique for the incident. “We’re saying we’re apologizing for the whole incident,” Seddique reportedly said. “We weren’t aware of any action he was taking. We are in shock like the whole country. This had nothing to do with religion. ” He also told NBC News that his son had gotten angry when he saw two men kissing in downtown Miami a couple of months ago and that he thought that may “caused this. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Sen. Marco Rubio is still in second place in New Hampshire, according to a new   poll, while Trump maintains the lead. [Trump is currently at 31 percent, even though he has dropped two points since the last release of the February   tracking numbers, and Sen. Marco Rubio currently sits at 17 percent  —   up one point.  Here is how the final numbers stack up: Trump 31Rubio 17Cruz 14Kasich 10Bush 7Fiorina 5Christie 4Carson 3, The tracking poll was conducted from February    —   two days before the debate and two days after the debate. According to CNN, the tracking poll did not pick up a drop in support for Marco Rubio in the days after the debate, even though they admitted that the sample size was too small. The   poll was conducted by the University of New Hampshire Survey Center of 362 voters who plan to vote in the New Hampshire primary. From Washington Examiner‘s Sarah Westwood:[The FBI has released 129 pages of documents from a   investigation into the Clinton Foundation and Bill Clinton’s   pardon of financier Marc Rich.    …     Rich and his   were generous donors to the Clintons and gave heavily to the construction of Clinton’s presidential library in Arkansas.   …     According to the files, Eric Holder, then a former deputy attorney general, was “the only person at DOJ notified of the pardon sought by Rich. ” Clinton did not follow the proper procedures when pardoning Rich on the final day of his presidency. The FBI‘s public corruptions unit handled the case, which ultimately yielded no criminal charges for anyone involved. James Comey, then a U. S. attorney, reportedly took over the investigation from Mary Jo White. Comey was critical of Holder’s involvement in the pardoning controversy, which he called a “huge misjudgement” on the part of Holder. Read the rest of the article here. LOS ANGELES (AP)  —   Singer Natalie Cole, the daughter of jazz legend Nat “King” Cole who carried on his musical legacy, has died. [advertisement The New York Times’ Jeremy W. Peters is rather salty that conservatives immediately saw the “fake news” panic’s endgame and turned the tables on establishment media. [From the New York Times:  Read the rest of the story here. At his Auburn University lecture, MILO called men who sympathize with the   feminist movements “virgins, perverts, or both. ”[  “Of course, beyond the sexodus [men retreating from the modern dating market] feminism is also affecting birth rates by producing the pathetic, unloveable creature known as the “male feminist. ”” According to MILO, adopting male feminism will have the same effect on yours sex life as   celibacy. “You’re unlikely to get laid if you’re part of the sexodus, sure, but celibacy is practically guaranteed as a male feminist. ” MILO also explained that male feminists use their participation in the movement to creep out the women they talk of protecting. “These beta orbiting cucks proudly carry the feminist banner, but they look at the cause as their best hope to get laid. Why do you think so many male feminists turn out to be virgins, perverts or, even more often, both?” Written from prepared remarks.    Rep. Peter King ( ) spoke Sunday on New York AM 970’s “The Cats Roundtable” on the topic of the Syrian refugee crisis.  King told host John Catsimatidis that President Barack Obama’s plan to allow 100, 000 Syrian refugees into the U. S. could be dangerous for the country. “There is no way that we can be assured that the refugees coming from Syria are not ISIS terrorists,” he said. King stated Belgium was “not equipped” to handle the recent terrorist attack in Brussels, adding that the attack should be “a wake up call” for Europe. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation” Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) said Republican presidential   Donald Trump’s has a   stool which includes, “economic populism, xenophobia, race baiting and religious bigotry. ”  Graham said, “The bottom line is that I believe Donald Trump is utter disaster for the Republican party, destroy conservatism as we know it. We’d get wiped out and it would take generations overcome a Trump candidacy. Ronald Reagan had the   stool of conservatism, fiscal, social, and strong national security. Donald has four legged stool because he is the Donald, he has got to bigger, economic populism, xenophobia, race baiting and religious bigotry are the stool that he has formed that is his campaign, that is not conservatism. ” GOP frontrunner Donald Trump won the GOP Michigan primary on Monday night. [Fox News called the election for Trump around 9. 00 PM eastern, with the billionaire leading the GOP field with 37. 7 percent of the vote.  With roughly 22 percent of the total vote in, Ohio Gov. John Kasich was set to take   with 26. 3 percent. Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) was ranked third at 22. 1 percent, while Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) closed out in fourth place with nine percent. The threshold to receive any of the 59 delegates in the state of Michigan is 15 percent. Wednesday on CNBC’s “Power Lunch,” the CEO of U. S. Steel Mario Longhi said after the election of Donald Trump, he has “felt an environment of positive optimism where forces are converging to provide for a better environment,” which he hopes means he can rehire up to 10, 000 employees.  Longhi said, “I have not felt an environment of positive optimism where forces are converging to provide for a better environment in quite a while. And this is pretty widespread. Customer suppliers, you know, throughout the communities. ” He added, “I’m more than happy to bring back the employees that we were forced to lay off during the depression   …     It could be close to 10, 000. ” Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN Earlier today, Gawker filed for bankruptcy. Now it appears that Ziff Davis will be acquiring the company in a court supervised auction. [The j2 Global Inc. subsidiary is already moving to salvage the floundering news media outlet. While other parties will have the opportunity to outbid the digital media company  —   something that founder Nick Denton has claimed is already happening  —   the Ziff Davis announcement casts a shadow of doubt over that bravado.  Nevertheless, Denton continues to believe that his bottom of the journalistic barrel will continue to need scraping, and they’ll still be the ones to do it: Even with his billions, Thiel will not silence our writers. Our sites will thrive  —   under new ownership  —   and we’ll win in court.  —   Nick Denton (@nicknotned) June 10, 2016,  We’ll see what happens as the filing and ensuing auction moves forward. Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both. Vice President Joe Biden is chiding Hillary Clinton’s decision to use a private email server while secretary of state, suggesting that she should have told the truth immediately instead of watching the story drag out for months. [The vice president asserted that Clinton was probably reluctant to be forthcoming about her decision because she had been critiqued by her Republican critics and the media her entire political life.  “This woman has been so battered over 30 years,” Biden said in an interview with CBS News. “I think then when faced with, ‘This is a problem,’ I think instead of just cutting it and dealing with it immediately, there’s always an inclination to overthink it. ” Biden argued that Clinton probably didn’t understand “the gravity” of using a private server exclusively while working for the Obama administration. “  …    I don’t think she understood the gravity of setting it up,” he said. “She thought it was, ‘This is okay to do. ’” Reintroduced by Sen. Orrin Hatch ( ) and Rep. Tom Price ( ) to protect employees from union intimidation, the Employee Rights Act (ERA) aims to substantially update American labor law for the first time since the 1940s. [But it has left union bosses —  desperate to maintain their stranglehold on the workplace —  shouting ridiculous things like the ERA is an “attack on democracy” and just “more corporate welfare. ”  Why are they so scared? Well, the bill would: The ERA would update labor law with eight   reforms, holding union bosses accountable to their membership. That’s left Big Labor —  comfortable with the status quo —  absolutely terrified. For more information, visit EmployeeRightsAct. com. Friday on MSNBC’s “All In,” Slate columnist Michelle Goldberg weighed in on   Donald Trump’s victory tour thanking his voters, saying the rallies are “menacing and threatening” the majority of the people who did not vote for him in the 2016 election,  “The whole posture is one of both rallying the people who voted for him, and also kind of menacing and threatening the majority who didn’t  —   with these sort of menacing asides. ‘They’re on our side, they just don’t know it yet.’ ‘You’re going to like what we have in store.’ I don’t think I am reading too much into this,” Goldberg told host Chris Hayes. She concluded that Trump will “turn our country into a racist police state. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton ( ) who has endorsed Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, described the Bill Clinton accusers who attended the previous night’s debate as “middle   women” who were “not looking their best, perhaps looking much better, you know, 40 years ago,” on Monday’s edition of “The Bill Press Show. ”  Holmes Norton said that she “almost felt sorry for” these “middle   women, who were apparently young women, who Bill Clinton hit on. ” She added, “Now, you bring in a bunch of women, not looking their best, perhaps looking much better, you know, 40 years ago, to present them before the debate, for what purpose?” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett,   French truck killer Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel was helped to prepare his Bastille Day attack by five suspects who are now in custody, prosecutor Francois Molins said Thursday. [Molins said the four men and a women were “involved in the preparation” of the attack, which had been planned months in advance.  More than 400 investigators have been poring over evidence since the July 14 attack in which Bouhlel rammed a truck into crowds on the Nice promenade, leaving 84 dead and over 300 injured. Molins said that one of the suspects had filmed the scene of the crime the day after the carnage, as it crawled with police and journalists. The five suspects will be presented to   judges later Thursday and Molins said prosecutors had requested they be charged with conspiracy to commit terrorism, among other crimes. SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  —   Yahoo said hackers stole personal information from 500 million of its user accounts, a massive security breakdown it attributed to a “state sponsored actor. ” The breach disclosed Thursday, the latest setback for the beleaguered internet company, dates back to late 2014. [advertisement Monday at the National Press Club in Washington, DC, PayPal and Palantir Technologies Inc. founder Peter Thiel, a supporter of GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump, will speak at 11 a. m. ET in the venue’s Holeman Lounge, followed by a    session ending at 12 p. m.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo The announcement trailer for LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens parodies the first theatrical trailer for Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Comedy legend Jackie Mason has never been one to shy away from expressing his political opinions. [In this exclusive clip for Breitbart News, Mason takes aim at all the “obnoxious,  ” Hollywood celebrities who are so blinded by their hatred of Donald Trump  —   and so spoiled and used to getting their way  —   that they’ll do anything to stop him, including attempting to overturn the results of the election.  Mason also leaves these   celebrities a heartwarming holiday message: “Despite your ridiculous behavior, I want to say to you from the bottom of my heart that I wish you a Merry Christmas, a Happy Hannukah, a Happy New Year, and may God bless you that you should turn into a normal person. ” Watch the full clip above.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum  Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” while commenting on the overnight shooting at a nightclub in Orlando, FL in which approximately 20 people were killed and over 40 were injured and that authorities are investigating as an act of terrorism, host Chuck Todd raised the “gun issue. ”  Todd said, “Joy [Reid] that’s the overwhelming feeling I have that  is there is this feeling of insecurity. We lack control on terrorism issue . We seem to lack control and moral on the gun issue. We lack cultural norms. There’s just a part of this that feels like a new normal. It’s a an uncomfortable normal. ” The president of the New York Veteran Police Association (NYVPA) Lou Telano delivered an award to GOP frontrunner Donald Trump at a press conference in Staten Island, New York on Sunday morning. [Telano said Trump “represents the American way” and praised him on bringing the topic of illegal immigration to the forefront of the election.  The NYVPA endorsed Trump in July of 2015. The GOP holds its New York primaries on Tuesday, April 19. Following Telano’s remarks, Trump took a few questions from the press. He said his campaign didn’t spend time in Wyoming because “the game was rigged. ” “I’m winning with the voters and we’re winning big and I think we’ll get to the 1, 237″ delegate threshold to clinch the GOP nomination, the   mogul stated. On Saturday, Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) won 14 out of the 14 Wyoming delegates who will go to the Republican National Convention in July. BERLIN (AP)  —   Europe’s   space probe Rosetta has received its last commands putting it on course to   on the icy surface of the alien world it’s been following for more than a decade. [Scientists say Rosetta fired its thrusters for 208 seconds late Thursday and is now expected to hit the surface of comet    at 1038 GMT Friday.  During its final descent the probe will carry out a series of   commands including taking unprecedented   images of the comet that could reveal surface features as small as an inch (2. 5 centimeter). The European Space Agency’s Rosetta probe and its sidekick Philae, which landed on the comet in November 2014, have provided scientists with new insights into the composition of comets and the formation of celestial bodies. WASHINGTON (AP)  —   The State Department says a $400 million cash payment to Iran was contingent on the release of American prisoners. [advertisement The following video by Alex Jones of Infowars. com was posted to the Drudge Report. This is the second Jones video posted by Drudge this weekend. Watch the first here.   Teachers at Carlos Rey Elementary School in Albuquerque, NM are now being told they can no longer address their students as “boys and girls,” local NBC affiliate KOB reports.  This comes after the new transgender bathroom policy for Albuquerque Public Schools, but it is now leaking into the classroom. A letter was sent to teachers at Carlos Rey this month titled “Gender Identity Procedural Directive. ” It tells teachers they can no longer refer to their students as boys and girls, and they are to eliminate gender in their classrooms. Albuquerque Public Schools say it was a complete mistake by the assistant principal because nowhere in their transgender policy does it say to not call students boys and girls. Sources at Carlos Rey Elementary told KOB to continue with that policy. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo   Dovere writes in Politico that President Obama is eschewing any appearance at the final annual meeting of the   Clinton Global Initiative. [The Clinton Global Initiative is shutting down, but President Barack Obama won’t be there to say farewell.  Though Obama will be in New York the week in   he’s skipping an appearance at the annual —   and final  —   meeting of Bill Clinton’s   project, which brought together business and world leaders for the last 12 years. Obama attended for either a speech or other event every year for the first six of his presidency until 2015, following the launch of Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign. Now, with Clinton running and enough questions about the foundation work looming that the former president had to first announce that he’d stop raising foreign and corporate money if his wife is elected president  —   and then announce that they were shuttering the CGI meeting entirely  —   Obama is staying away. Read the rest here. advertisement Hillary Clinton foreign policy adviser Jake Sullivan said on a conference call Friday that Clinton “doesn’t believe Americans are isolationist” and that the results of Britain’s Brexit vote will not affect the outcome of the American presidential election. [Britain’s vote Thursday to Leave the European Union is stoking nationalistic,   sentiment around the world, with Donald Trump celebrating the results while visiting Scotland. In Friday’s call with reporters, the Clinton campaign disparaged “isolationist” sentiment.  According to Politichicks reporter Mona Salama: #HillaryClinton PolicyAdv on #Brexit: ”Hillary doesnt believe Americans are isolationist. Nothing in last 24hrs has changed her view on that”  —   Mona Salama (@MonaSalama_) June 24, 2016,  #HillaryClinton Policy Adv on #Brexit: ”A vote on whether UK stays or leaves E. U is profoundly diff from a vote on who should be president”  —   Mona Salama (@MonaSalama_) June 24, 2016,  JERUSALEM (AP)  —   Christians in the Holy Land and across the world are celebrating Easter, commemorating the day followers believe Jesus was resurrected in Jerusalem 2, 000 years ago. [The cavernous Holy Sepulcher church in Jerusalem was packed with worshippers on Sunday. The site is where Christians believe Jesus was crucified, buried and resurrected.  A Mass is expected later in Bethlehem’s Nativity Church, built atop the site where Christians believe Jesus was born. At the Vatican, Pope Francis presided over a solemn vigil service Saturday night. In his homily, Francis said darkness and fear must not prevail and “imprison” the world with pessimism. The call to hope on the eve of the most joyful celebration in the Christian calendar contrasted sharply with his condemnation of the attacks in Belgium and elsewhere by Islamic extremists. Arcade classic Battlezone gets a modern reboot with virtual reality support. WASHINGTON (AP)  —   Republican Sen. John McCain says President Barack Obama is “directly responsible” for the mass shooting in Orlando, Florida, because Obama has allowed the growth of the Islamic State group on his watch.  To clarify, I was referring to Pres Obama’s national security decisions that have led to rise of #ISIL, not to the President himself,  —   John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) June 16, 2016,  The Senator then sent out a full press release to the same effect. McCAIN: ’I misspoke’ pic. twitter.   —   Mike DeBonis (@mikedebonis) June 16, 2016,  Vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine defends San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick for choosing to sit during the national anthem to protest police officers. [“I wouldn’t presume to tell him what to do,” Kaine said when asked about the national controversy during Good Morning America. He added that Americans should “respect people’s ability to act according to their conscience” despite their differences.  “I mean, I’d do it differently,” he added. “I think if you really thought about issues and about this country, you would do it different. ” Kaine appeared more upset about Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s decision to go to Mexico on Wednesday and his speech on illegal immigration. “I think it was kind of a diplomatic embarrassment,” Kaine said about Trump’s visit. MONTPELIER, Vt. (AP)  —   Colleges and universities worldwide are incorporating into their curriculums the evolving genre of literature that focuses on the changes coming to Earth as the result of climate change  —   “ . ”[advertisement GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s campaign staff met with several congressmen on Capitol Hill on Thursday. [Rep. Lou Barletta ( ) told Fox News host Gretchen Carlson that the meeting “was the Trump campaign transitioning to the next phase. ” He added that Trump’s staff is reaching out and bringing members of Congress who are supporters into the fold.  According to Fox News, eight congressmen met with the Trump campaign: Duncan Hunter ( ) Chris Collins ( ) Tom Reed ( ) Tom Marino ( ) Lou Barletta ( ) Renee Ellmers ( ) Kevin Cramer ( ) and Scott DesJarlais. During the meeting, Trump’s staff said they believe he can reach the 1, 237 delegate threshold before the Republican National Convention in July. With Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos currently fighting an expulsion from Twitter, you’re going to need to know all of the other channels where you can keep up to date with the Dangerous Faggot. [Below is a list of Milo’s other social media accounts as well as a few handy links for you to check out:  Make sure you use the #FreeMilo and #FreeNero hashtags on Twitter too  —   show Jack Dorsey exactly who he’s messing with. Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump disclosed to the press that he and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan spoke on Wednesday night after reports surfaced earlier in the day that Ryan was ready to endorse Trump. [“I spoke with Paul Ryan last night,” Trump told reporters at a press conference in Bismarck, North Dakota on Thursday afternoon. “We had a very good talk,” Trump added, saying everything is moving in the right direction.  “We’ll see what happens,” Trump said when asked if he would concede on any policy issues to unite with Ryan. On Tuesday night and Wednesday morning, news reports surfaced that Ryan was ready to endorse Trump, but Ryan’s spokesperson later denied those reports. Pollster and analyst Pat Caddell told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Friday, based upon polling   and internal data, “We’ve got about ten to twelve percent of the people who seem to still be in flux, in movement, and the interesting things is, when you tend to look at those people   …     the issue structure still tends to favor Trump. ”[“There’s much more volatility in the race than a lot of the mainstream media and so forth are saying. So I think that’s important to point out,” added Caddell.  Most importantly, Caddell made the point repeatedly, using various data points, that the election is not over, as many mainstream media outlets seems determined to make it appear. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN:  On January 3 Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump used a Facebook post to call out Hillary Clinton’s hypocrisy in telling the American people that guns “don’t keep you safe” while simultaneously surrounding herself with “heavily armed bodyguards. ”[On December 19 Breitbart News reported that Clinton reacted to the surge in gun sales that followed the San Bernardino terror attack by saying, “Guns, in and of themselves  …    will not make Americans safer. ” She then listed the number of   deaths each year in a way that appeared to suggest guns actually make America less safe.  On January 3 Trump responded with: “Hillary said that guns don’t keep you safe. If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm!” Follow AWR Hawkins on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com. CNN Chief Political Correspondent Dana Bash stated that Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State is is running to “effectively be the third term of Barack Obama” and “embracing it wholeheartedly” during CNN’s coverage of the South Carolina Democratic primary on South Carolina.  Bash said, “Hillary Clinton is running to, effectively be the third term of Barack Obama. You know, in years past, when you say you’re running as a third term, it was a negative. But she’s embracing it wholeheartedly. And in South Carolina it’s one place where it’s definitely a big plus. ” (  GOP War Room) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett This article was originally published by Buzzfeed:  Twitter’s removal of journalist and provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos’s verification badge for unspecified rules violations has pushed the company  —   in the midst of a crackdown on harassment  —   deeper into the politicized battle over online speech. Though Yiannopoulos is still on the platform, the   supervillain is widely impersonated and the loss of the verification badge could well make it difficult for him to distribute his message on Twitter. “The primary purpose of verification is to combat impersonation,” Yiannopoulos told BuzzFeed News in an email. “I can’t think of anyone on the internet more impersonated (whether out of affection or otherwise) than me. ” Read the rest of the article here. Vice President Joe Biden revealed during a campaign rally that he had a military aide with the nuclear codes present at the event. [“There’s a guy that follows me right back here, has the nuclear codes,” Biden said, turning and pointing. “So God forbid anything happened to the president and I had to make a decision, the codes are with me. ”  After Biden bragged about how the nuclear codes were with him, he said that Trump was “not qualified” to know the nuclear launch codes. He said Trump was not worthy of being the commander in chief, reminding the audience that his son Beau served in Iraq. “I must tell you, had Donald Trump been president, I would have thrown my body in front of him,” Biden said. “No I really mean it. ” Biden insisted that Trump’s presidential campaign was already endangering American soldiers stationed overseas. “If my son were still in Iraq and I say to all those who were there  —   the threat to their life has gone up a couple clicks,” he said. Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s convention manager Paul Manafort said Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton will face a bigger difficulty getting the support of men than Trump will with women.  Manafort said, “This is one of these conventional wisdom facts that are not correct. Yes there’s some high negatives on the part of Trump right now who has just come out of a spirited contest. Hillary Clinton has got high negatives, too. When you look at the recent Quinnipiac polls came out last week which show Trump winning in Florida and even slightly ahead in Ohio and Pennsylvania, you look at the gender gaps and the real gender gap is a male gender gap on the part of Clinton where she’s got a bigger disparity between her support with men than Trump has with women. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN UPDATE: Lavandera later reported that a man who said he was the attacker came up to him, hugged him, and apologized for attacking him.  This CNN reporter said on air that the man came back, apologized  hugged him. #CharlotteProtest https:  .   —   Renée (@Rawr_is_me79) September 22, 2016,  CNN National Correspondent Ed Lavandera was assaulted on the air and Correspondent Boris Sanchez appeared to get in a verbal altercation while both were reporting from the scene Charlotte on Wednesday. During Lavendera’s report a man ran into him and knocked him to the ground. Lavandera stated that he was okay after the incident. Later on, another correspondent, Boris Sanchez, cut off his report to say to someone, “You going to knock me over too? You going to hit me? Get out of here. ” Sanchez cut the report off and tossed it back to the studio because things on the ground were “out of hand. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Ynetnews reports:  Ukraine’s decision to vote in favor of the resolution appears to demonstrate the extent to which US President Barack Obama was behind the decision. According to officials in Israel, Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman, a Jew who is thought of as one of Israel’s main supporters, wanted that his country not be involved in the consultations held on the resolution. However, Ukraine’s President Petro Poroshenko decided to vote in favor of its passage following a telephone conversation with US Vice President Joe Biden. “The text of the resolution is balanced,” Kiev asserted. “It calls for taking measures necessary for peaceful solution from both Israeli and Palestinian sides: Israel should stop its settlement activities while Palestinian authorities  —   to take effective measures toward fighting against terrorism. ” Read the full article here. More Americans would rather go on vacation with Donald Trump than with Hillary Clinton, according to a new poll.[  percent of Americans would rather go on vacation with Trump, while 33 percent picked Clinton, according to survey results from HomeToGo, a search engine for vacation rentals.    percent of men said they would rather travel with Trump and 43 percent of women said they would rather travel with Clinton. According to the results, men cited entertainment for wanting to travel with Trump. Millennials  —   a demographic Trump isn’t doing as well with as both the 2008 and 2012 Republican nominees did  —   said they would go on vacation with the billionaire out of curiosity. The survey found that people earning more than $150, 000 per year would prefer to travel with Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson, but those that make $50, 000 to $75, 000 a year would pick Trump. The survey questioned 1, 000 people from July 29 to August 1. Sunday NBC’s “Meet The Press,” Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta said, “Look, if we hold on to Nevada, hold on to Michigan, you know, then Hillary Clinton is going to be the next president of the United States. ”  He continued, “Most people vote on election day in Michigan and our schedule has been oriented to being in the early vote states in the earlier period of time. Now we’re going to Michigan, to New Hampshire, to Pennsylvania where they do it the   way, everybody votes on election day. We feel like we got a lead in Michigan. We want to hold on to it. We think we can do that. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “Hannity,” host Sean Hannity took on Univision’s Jorge Ramos on the issue of immigration and the candidacy of Republican presidential   Donald Trump, who has taken an hawkish approach on the issue of immigration on the campaign trail.  Ramos attacked Trump for his declaration that the border should be sealed in the wake of this week’s terrorist attacks in Brussels. Ramos also suggested Hannity had not sufficiently defended his colleague Megyn Kelly from Trump’s criticisms. Hannity accused Ramos of misrepresenting the GOP  . “You don’t care about the 640, 000 Texans,” Hannity said. “You’re taking his comments out of context, you’re calling him racist, you’re calling him bigoted, and you totally misrepresent what he said, and you think you’re the superior reporter? I don’t really need lectures from you, Jorge Ramos. ” Watch (Part 2): Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Donald Trump spoke Thursday on the “Hugh Hewitt Show” about his secretary of state selection, naming former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton as his potential secretary of state.  Trump was reluctant to name anybody now because of the heavy scrutiny they could face. Hewitt then asked about Bolton, and the GOP presidential nominee said he is a serious contender. “I think John Bolton’s a good man,” Trump replied. “I watched him yesterday, actually, and he was very good in defending me in some of my views, and very, very strong. And I’ve always liked John Bolton. Well, we are thinking about it, Hugh. I will say that. We are thinking about it. I mean, the negative is what I told you. But we are seriously thinking about it. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton went    for the first time Monday night in a presidential debate at Hofstra University, moderated by NBC News’s Lester Holt. [Here you can weigh in on who won the debate:   Wednesday night during a MSNBC presidential town hall with Chris Matthews, former New Mexico Governor and Libertarian presidential nominee Gary Johnson said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton was so “hawkish,” it is likely she “is going to press the button. ”  Partial transcript as follows: JOHNSON: I think  —   I think she is going to press the button. MATTHEWS: What? JOHNSON: Well, confronted with that ten minutes, she will be hawkish. She will be more hawkish in that role. MATTHEWS: You think she has a happy trigger? JOHNSON: I think she is not gonna err on the side of not being the aggressor. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN PROVINCETOWN, Mass. (AP)  —   It was a very busy, very lucrative weekend for Hillary Clinton in the summer playground of the East Coast’s moneyed elite. [advertisement (Associated Press)  —   The Democratic presidential campaigns of Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have reached an agreement in principle to hold another presidential debate next week in New Hampshire and three more later this spring. [advertisement On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” Washington Post columnist George Will questioned Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s   stance.  Will said, “Well, there’s a policy dimension and a process dimension to running for president. On the policy side, on abortion, he was asked a question that every novice Republican candidate knows he’s going to be asked. And he didn’t have an answer. Now, that’s partly because he’s only been   for about 15 minutes. He’s at the end of his seventh decade and he’s just beginning to think about these things. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN This special   Series of The Glazov Gang was joined by Dr. Peter Hammond, the founder of Frontline Fellowship. He discussedIslam’s Hatred of Dogs and Cruelty to Animals, examining the Islamic theological foundations that inspire a hatred of and sadism toward animals.   For Part II, CLICK HERE. For more from Jamie Glazov and the Glazov Gang, click here. Police found a double homicide suspect in Florida biting off parts of a victim’s face Monday, Fox 31 reports.  Martin County Sheriff’s Office was called to a home in Tequesta, FL by a neighbor who said he had been stabbed while trying to break up a fight. The deputy who was first on the scene saw the suspect on top of the male victim in the driveway biting off parts of the man’s face, police say. An attempt at stopping the suspect with a stun gun had no effect. The deputy employed a   officer, who bit the suspect, but it did not stop the suspect. Deputies had to pry him off the victim. The victim’s wife was found dead in the home’s garage by investigators. The neighbor who called 911 was taken to a nearby hospital and is reportedly going to recover. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo (AFP)  —   The Tunisian who rammed a truck into Bastille Day crowds in Nice, killing 84 people, sent a text message just before the attack discussing the supply of weapons, a source close to the investigation said Sunday. [In the message, the    driver “expresses satisfaction at having obtained a 7. 65mm pistol and discusses the supply of other weapons” the source said. ANKARA (Reuters)  —   Turkey has met the required criteria to secure   travel for its citizens to Europe, but the European Union says it has not yet met stipulations on personal data and terrorism, Turkey’s EU minister said on Thursday. [Omer Celik, flanked by Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu, made the comments to reporters in Brussels ahead of talks to “open” Chapter 33 of its European Union accession process, which covers budget policy.  Cavusoglu told CNN Turk that it was important for Turkey to retain momentum in EU talks. Turkey won   travel for its citizens to Europe in return for agreeing to curb the flow of migrants to the bloc. However, sticking points have remained over Turkey’s   laws, which some in Europe see as too broad. The opening of Chapter 33 marks a modest step forward in Ankara’s accession process to Europe. Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump’s engagement with Facebook users more than doubled that of his rival presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton this past week. [Trump is tracking more attention on social media  —   gaining 345, 368 more “Likes” on Facebook  —   than Clinton, according to information obtained by Breitbart from the Trump campaign.  In the past seven days, there have been 447, 864 “Likes” on Trump’s Facebook page, but only 102, 496 “Likes” for Clinton. Even though the billionaire has posted on Facebook this past week less than Clinton, data shows that he is engaging 3. 2 million more users than she. The Republican National Committee page is also engaging more Facebook users than the Democratic Party. This article was originally published by Mediaite:  Outspoken conservative journalist Milo Yiannopoulos, who goes by the Twitter handle @Nero, announced to his followers Friday that Twitter had removed the blue “verified” badge from his account, and warned that this could be the start of a conservative “purge” on the social media platform. Now, conservatives on Twitter have staged a revolt, complete with #JeSuisMilo hashtag. On Friday, Milo tweeted this to his 136, 000 followers: I’ve been sat on the naughty table! pic. twitter.   —   Milo Yiannopoulos (@Nero) January 8, 2016,  Read the rest of the article here. A new Reuters poll of Republicans shows that GOP frontrunner Donald Trump has expanded his national lead over rivals since his Jan. 19 endorsement by former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin. [The new poll of 2, 508 Republicans, taken over several days, showed Trump at 40 percent and Cruz sharply down to 10. 5 percent. That’s a 29.  margin.   Reuters’ Jan. 19 results showed Trump at 33 percent to Cruz’s 16 percent, which was a   margin.  The Reuters poll is here, and can be adjusted to show the candidates’ popularity among various subgroups. For example, Trump scored 38. 4 percent among marrieds, 39 percent among people with an income of $50, 000 to $70, 000, 37 percent among people who earn above $150, 000, and 36 percent among people older than 60. advertisement (AP) Carly Fiorina is blasting Donald Trump for prematurely declaring the Republican presidential primary over. [Trump earlier told the convention the nominating contest was effectively over and the party needed to rally around him. Fiorina disagreed in her speech Saturday night.  Fiorina said: “The    ain’t a touchdown. ” Fiorina ripped Trump as an impostor and part of a crooked political system that rewarded big donors. She said “you cannot just throw an ‘R’ on your jersey and say you believe what our party stands for. ” Sen. Ted Cruz says California has seen the evil of what he calls Islamic terrorism and that he’s the man to stop it. Cruz spoke Saturday to the state Republican Party convention outside San Francisco. He referenced the San Bernardino attacks and criticized President Barack Obama for lecturing Americans about “Islamaphobia” rather than condemning Islamic terrorism. Cruz had a message for violent extremists everywhere: “A day of reckoning is coming. ” Danita Kilcullen, the   of the Tea Party in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, passed away Sunday after a battle with cancer, Breitbart News has learned. [KilCullen founded the country’s oldest running weekly Tea Party in 2009.  Martin County Tea Party coordinator Cindy Lucas told Breitbart News KilCullen helped to lead the fight against Common Core and the Muslim Brotherhood in Florida. “She was quite the leader. She never missed a meeting,” Lucas said. “She was not afraid to speak out and tell it like it is. She is going to be greatly missed. ” The Tea Party Fort Lauderdale was one of the larger Tea Party groups in the country and will manage to carry on, Lucas said. “They’re going to continue, and they’re not going to stop. ” They say the proof is in the pudding, and Breitbart readers have proven that they have their collective finger on the pulse of American politics more than pundits and talking heads. [When we launched the Breitbart Primary Straw Poll with a packed slate of over a dozen candidates, Breitbart readers consistently chose Donald Trump as the nominee. They got it right. They got it right because they reflect the landscape of the American public at large.  Now we turn to our readers to see where they weigh in on who should be Trump’s running mate. We’ve assembled a list of the most likely candidates on Trump’s short (or even long) list of candidates. VOTE NOW in the Breitbart News Vice Presidential Straw Poll.  On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher stated that former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani (R) and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie were GOP nominee Donald Trump’s “Goebbels and Göring. ”  Maher said, “[H]ow about the fact that his  —   Giuliani and Chris Christie, his Goebbels and Göring  …    were all over TV saying he’s a genius. I find that so interesting, because, in 2012, when Mitt Romney was running, and it was all about the takers, the people who don’t pay any income tax, evil takers. Now, when you don’t pay any income tax, you’re a genius. how they switched that around in four years is pretty amazing. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Sorry, I was on Twitter. I felt it was necessary to dispel the   myth, adored by #NeverTrumpers, that somehow attacking Trump relentlessly does not aid Hillary Clinton, and that they are not choosing Hillary Clinton by choosing to be NeverTrump. All choices have consequences. By supporting Trump, I am responsible for the consequences of a Trump victory  —   and those consequences could indeed be dire. But a childish   fantasy has infected the #NeverTrump    that they can agitate for Hillary Clinton  —   by relentlessly disparaging Trump  —   and somehow, they are not responsible for the consequences of the Hillary presidency they are bucking for. They’ve dreamed up this     dreamscape in which those who plump for Trump are responsible for the outcomes of a Trump presidency, but, for no explanation thus far discoverable, they are not responsible for the outcomes of the Hillary presidency they’re agitating for. You can read the rest of the story here. Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by roughly three points in the latest USC   Times Presidential Election Daybreak poll. [Trump earns 45. 1 percent support in the poll, while Clinton is at 42. 3 percent.  According to the poll two weeks ago, Trump was behind Clinton by three points, 45. 5 percent to 42. 1 percent. The USC   Times Presidential Election Daybreak survey questions 3, 000 voters each day about who they support ahead of the election on Nov. 8. The numbers are averaged based on responses from the previous week, so the results may be slightly behind in response to major campaign events. Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Chuck Todd, the moderator of NBC’s “Meet the Press,” quipped that “ ” had taken over the Republican Party.  According to Todd, it has come in the form of party nominee Donald Trump and will “hurt the party down the road. ” “” Todd said, “that’s what’s taken over the party. It’s almost this, you know, there’s almost this disdain with some in Trump world that are like, ‘Yeah OK, so the college educated crowd isn’t for it. There’s almost a disdain that they’re embracing about this. But it is hurting the party. It’s going to hurt the party down the road. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said during the campaign   Donald Trump “said outrageous things and he needs to apologize to the American people. ”  Sanders said, “Let us be very clear, Chuck. When Donald Trump helped lead the birther movement, that was nothing less than a racist effort to undermine the legitimacy of the first   president we ever had. That was racist. That was disgraceful. The   community and all of us deserve an apology. When he talks about Latinos or Mexicans as criminals and rapists, that is outrageous. When he says that people who are Muslims cannot enter the United States, that’s an outrage. On those issues, let me be clear, speaking for only myself, there is no compromise. ” He added, “He’s said outrageous things and he needs to apologize to the American people. There are people all over this country who are really frightened. ” Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN During testimony before Congress on Thursday, FBI Director James Comey said that presumptive Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is not as “technically sophisticated” as “people would assume about somebody with that background. ”  Comey was asked, “[A] few minutes ago, you also stated that you now believe that Hillary Clinton is not nearly as sophisticated as people thought. Is that correct?” He responded, “Yeah, I think that’s fair  —   actually, no, not as people thought, but as people would assume about somebody with that background. I’m sorry, I should be clear about this, technically sophisticated. I’m not opining on other kinds of sophistication. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Three suspected intruders allegedly broke into a home early Friday morning, were met by gunfire, and one of the suspects was killed. [The other two suspects fled, and police do not know if they were shot and wounded as well.  The incident occurred around 2 a. m. near College Park. According to the Atlanta   “The owner of a home in the 2000 block of Rochelle Way told Fulton police three men broke in through the front door. ” The homeowner opened fire and when police arrived, one of the suspects lay dead in the front yard. Police have no descriptions on the two suspects who allegedly fled, but the homeowner believes they “may be armed. ” AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com. advertisement Monday at a press conference the director of the Cincinnati Zoo  Botanical Gardens Thayne Maynard explained the decision to kill a    male western lowland gorilla to save a    boy who got into the gorillas enclosure.  Maynard said, “The gorilla was clearly agitated, clearly disoriented. And so, the idea of waiting and shooting wit a hypodermic was not a good idea. That would have created alarm in the male gorilla and as I’m sure you know when you dart an animal or you yourself go to the hospital, anesthetic works in a minute to ten minutes. So the risk was due to the power of that animal. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Time magazine taps Donald Trump as “Person of the Year,” and is announcing the news on the Today show. [Trump has had a rocky relationship with the magazine. Despite a cover story featuring photos of the   with a bald eagle, other Time covers declared his campaign a “meltdown” as he struggled in the general election.   Time Magazine’s Nancy Gibbs said on the Today show that it wasn’t a hard choice to choose Trump. “When have we ever seen a single individual who has so defied exceptions, broken the rules, violated norms, beaten not one but two political parties on the way to winning an election he entered with   odds against him?” she asked. Trump called into the Today show to discuss the decision, calling it a “great honor,” noting that he grew up reading the magazine. Hillary Clinton was selected as the number two person of the year. SIMI VALLEY  —   During an exclusive interview with Breitbart News at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library on Friday, Newt Gingrich shared a fond memory he had of late First Lady Nancy Reagan.[  He described a side of her most never had the opportunity to see. “We were here [at the Reagan library] with Nancy for dinner one night and Merv Griffin was here. And after dinner, we went over and gathered around the piano. And Merv sang ‘Nancy With a Happy Face,’ which is a Frank Sinatra song. ” Gingrich said Nancy expressed “joy” while the song was being dedicated to her. “She was basking in an old friend and a song that she could sort of identify with. And you could send some of the relaxed part of Nancy as opposed to the public figure. It was a really great evening. ” Nancy Reagan was laid to rest next to her husband’s grave on Friday. Breitbart News was present:  Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s childhood home in Queens, New York goes on the auction block in October, and Inside Edition took a tour of the home this week for a segment on the program. [The location of the house, at   Wareham Road in Jamaica Estates, is reportedly listed on Trump’s birth certificate.   “Trump used to live here. Some may love it, some may hate it. It is what it is,” auctioneer Misha Haghani told Inside Edition. Realtor Howard Kaminowitz told the program that the name of Trump’s father, Fred Trump, is emblazoned in the wood underneath the door frame, as it is with many of the properties he built. The   Tudor will be put up for auction on October 19 with a starting price of $849, 000. Watch Inside Edition‘s tour of the home’s interior in the video above.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum Utah Gov. Gary Herbert and Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( ) revoked their support of Donald Trump after The Washington Post released a tape from 2005 containing lewd remarks Trump made about women, according to KUTV. [“Donald Trump’s statements are beyond offensive  despicable,” Herbert stated. “While I cannot vote for Hillary Clinton, I will not vote for Trump. ”  “I’m out,” Chaffetz stated on CNN Friday night. “I can no longer endorse Donald Trump for president. There’s no possible way I’d vote for Hillary Clinton. ” Sen. Orrin Hatch ( ) also commented on the remarks, but didn’t announce any withdrawal of support. “Mr. Trump’s comments were offensive and disgusting,” Hatch stated. “There is no excuse for such degrading behavior. All women deserve to be treated with respect. ” Rep. Mia Love ( ) described Trump’s remarks as “disappointing and disgusting. ” Last month, a Salt Lake Tribune poll showed Trump leading Clinton by nine points in Utah. After riots took place in Charlotte, North Carolina, the Democratic National Committee cancelled a press call scheduled for Thursday afternoon to discuss Hillary Clinton’s plan for Historically Black Colleges and Universities. [The call was initially expected to be hosted by Assistant Democratic Leader Rep. Jim Clyburn and Rep. Alma Adams as well as the DC Federation of College Democrats President Adriyanna Andreus.  Late last night however, the press conference was “postponed” after mass riots took place in Charlotte in reaction to a police shooting, damaging property in the city. No new date was set for the press call. Wednesday on WABC Radio’s “Election Central with Rita Cosby,” Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) a former Republican presidential candidate, said   Donald Trump’s foreign policy speech today was at times “unnerving” and “pathetic,” and also was “scary it terms of its construct. ”  Graham said, “He has no understanding of the world and the role we play,” adding, “This is worse than Obama. Obama is seen in by the region in the Mid East as being an unreliable partner. I think the entire world is going to look at Donald Trump as guy who doesn’t understand the role of America. ” He continued, “This speech was unnerving, it was pathetic in its content, and it was scary in terms of its construct. If you had any doubt that Donald Trump is not fit to be Commander in Chief, this speech should’ve removed it. It took every problem and fear I have with Donald Trump and put in on steroids. ” He added, “Ronald Reagan is rolling over in his grave after this speech. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN HBO’s “Real Time” host Bill Maher wondered if, in light of the recent terrorist attacks in Europe, “Europe will have a little more sympathy for what Israel goes through” instead of being “real a**holes” to them on Friday.  Maher said, “Europe has been real a**holes, about Israel. I mean, in general, the UN, as of 2015, the United Nations rights council had issued more official condemnations of Israel than the rest of the world’s nations combined. I wonder now, that Europe has been attacked four times, I think, now, in little over a year, and they say ISIS has 400 fighters that they’re ready to introduce back into Europe, and they’re trying to get a dirty bomb, maybe Europe will have a little more sympathy for what Israel goes through. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Little    Ava could not contain her excitement when she found out she was on her way to see Donald Trump, as seen in a Facebook video posted by her parents.[  “Are you serious? !” she screamed. Her mother said yes and Ava lost it. Tears fell from her eyes as she thanked her mother. “Tell Mr. Trump you want to meet him!” said her mother. “I LOVE YOU, TRUMP! !” Ava yelled. Her father posted pictures on Facebook from the Trump rally.  Ava even made her very own Trump girl  .  The Algemeiner reports: JNS. org  —   Israel has reached a deal to sell the Iron Dome missile defense system to Azerbaijan, just days after Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited the Central Asian country. [The Azerbaijani Press Agency reported Saturday that Azerbaijan Defense Industry Minister Yaver Jamalov had agreed to the deal with Israel. Netnayahu said during his cabinet meeting Sunday that both countries have “extensive ties. ”  During Netanyahu’s meeting last week with Azerbaijan President Ilham Aliyev, the Central Asian leader revealed that his country has purchased nearly $5 billion in defense equipment from Israel. Read more here. From Olivia Nuzzi writing at The Daily Beast: The New York State Education Department is reviewing the Clinton Global Initiative University’s decision to use the term “university” in its name without explicit permission. The review comes in response to inquiries made by The Daily Beast. For the first time in American history, the (likely) Republican and Democratic nominees for president are also both, bizarrely, associated with eponymous entities that use or used the term university in their titles but were never, in fact, universities. Read the rest of the story at The Daily Beast. In the Saturday Republican presidential debate on CBS, Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) both of Cuban descent debated on the topic of immigration.  “Marco went on Univision in Spanish and said he would not rescind President Obama’s illegal executive amnesty on his first day in office,” Cruz stated. Rubio later responded, “First of all, I don’t know how he knows what I said on Univision, because he doesn’t speak Spanish. ” Cruz responded in Spanish, saying, “Right now in Spanish, if you want. ” The two continued, with Rubio accusing Cruz of being a liar, which Cruz said is “absolutely false. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent On Friday, HBO’s “Real Time” host Bill Maher argued that “made a little sense to me” when Republican presidential nominee stated President Obama sounded madder at him than the perpetrator of the Orlando terrorist attack.  Maher said, “[T]he one thing that Trump said this week that made a little sense to me, he said, When, I listened to Obama today  —   and he sounded madder at me than the shooter. Couldn’t we just address the big elephant in the room, which is the shooter, before we go right to elephantphobia?” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is gearing up for the general election by planning an aggressive schedule this coming weekend, campaigning in three swing states more than a month before the Republican National Convention where he’s set to become the official GOP nominee. [Trump is holding campaign rallies in Virginia, Florida and Pennsylvania  —   all swing states  —   on Friday and Saturday.  Prior to his evening rally in Virginia on Friday, Trump will be in Washington, D. C. speaking at a conference for conservative grassroots activists. Presumptive Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton will also be in Washington, D. C. on Friday holding an event with Planned Parenthood. The only other events, according to her public calendar, for the weekend include a fundraiser with Bill Clinton in Baltimore, Maryland on Saturday and another fundraiser on Sunday in Edmonds, Washington. Suspects invaded a home full of children early Saturday morning and opened fire, killing    Daveon Coates and Tatiana Coates, his    sister. [According to Fox News, the incident occurred around 5 a. m. in Jonesboro, Georgia. Five siblings were in the home at the time, the oldest of whom was Daveon and the youngest of whom was six years old.    reports that no children other than the    and    were harmed. Police said, “It appears two families live in the home and no parents were there at the time of the shooting. ” Though they have no suspects, police “do have several leads. ” AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com. CBS aired an updated version of “The Catch” where San Francisco 49ers wide receiver Dwight Clark came down with Joe Montana’s   pass to dethrone the Dallas Cowboys in the 1982 NFC Championship Game.  This time, “The Catch” was done out of an airplane. The ball traveled significantly more than the original   pass from Montana and was done with the players parachuting into the stadium and fighting off defenders into the end zone. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent The Republican National Convention is the biggest political event of the year (so far) and Breitbart News is bringing you the best coverage  —   including live video.  Breitbart News will live stream throughout the RNC. Tune in throughout the week for interviews, field reporters, and analysis. At Breitbart News, we provide the news, and you provide the opinion, so call in at   . First Lady Michelle Obama praises Hillary Clinton as an “impressive” and “phenomenal” woman, despite reports that she still hasn’t warmed up to the former First Lady. [Obama was asked about her opinion of Clinton during a “Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Day” event at the White House.  “I think Hillary Clinton is a phenomenal woman,” Michelle Obama said. “And I’ve gotten to know her and I think she’s made some pretty major contributions over the course of her life. ” Obama said that she would not run for president like Hillary, but rather seek for other ways to serve the community after leaving the White House. “Hillary Clinton is an impressive woman and I will not do what she has done, I will not run for president,” she said.  Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton supporter Sen. Cory Booker ( ) said presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was a “dangerous man” who would “put this planet in peril” if he was elected president.  Booker said, “I am telling you right now, I don’t care who Donald Trump picks, this is somebody that’s a danger, not only to our country but his recklessness, his disregard, demeaning and degrading of other individuals, will put this planet in peril. This is a dangerous man. I have heard what’s come out of his mouth. It’s frankly frightening about what could happen if he was the    of this country and had his finger  —   had the codes to the nuclear weapons. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” Democratic National Committee chairwoman Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) said the FBI’s investigation into the handling of classified materiel  on a private unsecured email sever during Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton’s tenure as secretary of state was “ludicrous. ”  Wasserman Schultz said, “‘It is ludicrous to keep raising the question whether this plays out to an unfortunate end. Hillary Clinton has released 55, 000 pages of   has provided the most transparency of probably any previous presidential candidate in terms of the conversations that she has had as secretary of state, as a public official. It is completely available for perusal by the press and she was doing something and using private   in the same way that previous secretaries of state have done. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The Times of Israel reports:  A suicide truck bomb attack claimed by the Islamic State group killed 47 people at a crowded checkpoint south of Baghdad Sunday, the deadliest such attack in Iraq this year. The massive blast completely destroyed the checkpoint manned by security forces guarding the northern entrance to Hilla, an area that had recently been spared such attacks, “The suicide bomber used an   truck, at a time when there was dense traffic,” Faleh   the head of the security committee at Babil provincial council, said. A doctor at Hilla hospital put the number of people killed by the blast at 47, including around 20 members of the security forces, and said at least 72 people were also wounded. Read the full story. Thursday on MSNBC, legendary Indiana Hoosiers basketball coach Bobby Knight discussed his endorsement of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.  Knight said Trump would be “good for America” because he is smart, tough, loves America and brings a lot to the table. “I think he’s smart. I think he’s tough. I think he loves America. I think this is a real American we’re talking about here, and I think he brings a lot of things to the table. You know, he’s a tough guy. Not everybody is going to appreciate him, but I have been around him enough to know that this is the kind of guy that I would like to see being involved in decisions that are affecting the United States,” Knight explained. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Thursday at a hearing on Capital Hill in Washington, D. C. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said he is concerned about the “possibility of violence” at the upcoming Republican and Democratic National Conventions.  Johnson said, “I am concerned about the prospect of demonstrations getting out of hand. I am concerned about the possibility of violence. We have, within DHS, some 3, 000 personnel that will be dedicated to the security of the Republican National Convention and the Democratic National Convention, each. ” The Republican convention is next week, July 18 —  21, in Cleveland, OH. The Democratic convention is set for July   in Philadelphia, PA. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Tuesday’s broadcast of ABC’s “Good Morning America,” Newsweek Senior Writer Kurt Eichenwald said his claim that   Donald Trump had been institutionalized was a joke about stories about Democratic nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s health, and “a signal to a source to talk to me. ”  Eichenwald said, “There’s a long story behind it. When you go through the full   to that tweet, there was a reporting purpose for that tweet going out, which is, more than you’re going to want to hear about. I thought, I was making fun of Fox News and the rest who were doing, Hillary has seizures. Hillary has multiple sclerosis. Hillary has Parkinson’s. You know, Let’s go to Dr. Oz. And so I was running a series of jokes leading up to that, with the intent of sending that tweet, which was a signal to a source to talk to me. ” (  Real Clear Politics) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett A   Vietnam vet in Monticello, Georgia, shot and killed a suspected home intruder on Thursday. [The incident occurred around 9 p. m.  According to The Atlanta   the Georgia Bureau of Investigation (GBI) says    Eddie Frank Smith was at home when    Andre Smith forced his way inside the house. Andre  —   who was not related to the elder Smith  —   made entry through a back door. When the elder Smith went to investigate the noise, Andre allegedly lunged at him. The elder Smith then fired in   striking Andre in the chest. Andre “ran away and collapsed about 100 yards from the residence. ” He was pronounced dead at a hospital. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com. An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7. 3 hit northern Japan on Tuesday, the Japan Meteorological Agency said, issuing tsunami advisories for much of the nation’s northern Pacific coast. [The Associated Press reported that the waves may be up to about 10 feet in height. Fukushima prefecture is north of Tokyo and home to the nuclear power plant that was destroyed by a huge tsunami following an offshore earthquake in 2011.  The epicenter of the earthquake, which was felt in Tokyo, was off the coast of Fukushima prefecture at a depth of about 10 km, the Japanese Meteorological Agency said. Read the full story at Reuters.   Former Secretary State Hillary Clinton is running a new ad condemning the tough rhetoric of Donald Trump, and making the case that she believes in respectful,   politics. [“I know what I believe, it’s wrong to pit people against each other,” Clinton says in the ad. “We’ve had enough partisan division and gridlock already. ”   The ad features footage of Trump mocking a New York Times reporter and urging supporters at a political rally to punch a protester in the face. “What kind of America do we want to be?” she asks. “Dangerously divided or strong and united? I believe that we are always stronger together. ” From Jonathan Swan writing at The Hill:  A   website closely tied to Donald Trump’s presidential campaign is taking its war against House Speaker Paul Ryan ( .) to new levels. Breitbart News on Saturday published as its lead story an article written by Julia Hahn, headlined: “He’s with her: Inside Paul Ryan’s   campaign to elect Hillary Clinton president. ” Accompanying the story is an image of a grinning Ryan beside the Democratic presidential nominee’s campaign slogan, “I’m with her. ” The piece is brutal even by the standards of Breitbart’s proudly   approach to journalism, asserting that Ryan “leads the   migration wing of the Republican party. ” The   attack on Ryan comes amid a concerted strategy by the   nationalist wing of the GOP to ensure Ryan isn’t   Speaker in January. Read the rest of the story at The Hill. Writer Dan Savage stated that he doesn’t want a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants in the US, he just wants to give them citizenship on Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time. ”  Savage asked, “Why do we want to throw these 11 million people out the country? They contribute more to our economy than they take out. They pay more in taxes than they receive in services.   …     Illegal immigrants commit fewer crimes per capita.    —     Americans, not   Amercians, are     times more likely to commit a violent crime,     times more likely to be in prison than illegal immigrants. ” He added that the rationale for building a wall on the border is “bullsh*t. ” And “I don’t want a f*cking path to citizenship. I just want to give them citizenship. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett On the Thursday broadcast of “The Herd” on Fox Sports 1, Jason Whitlock reacted to the report that then St. Louis Rams made a deal with the NFL to draft openly gay Michael Sam out of the University of Missouri in order to not appear on HBO’s “Hard Knocks. ”  Whitlock said he is not surprised by the report, saying the move to draft Sam was merely a “play to the politically correct crowd. ” “Michael Sam was a stunt by the NFL. It was a play to the politically correct crowd. The guy’s too short, not fast enough off the ball, he’s not an NFL player, and I think people did the homework on him and said, ‘You know what, I don’t know if he really, really loves the game. ’” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos spoke at Dartmouth University tonight giving a speech titled “In Defence Of Hazing” ending his event with a real life fraternity hazing in which he was waterboarded, slapped and smeared with whipped cream.[  MILO was delivered a bottle with a label marked “PISS” by Breitbart writer Mike Ma, and took a sip before experiencing his very own hazing, being creamed and waterboarded by his tour entourage.  Breitbart Tech writer Allum Bokhari delivered a whipped cream slap into the face of MILO who sat, covered in water and foam before returning to the podium for a QA.   Watch the full event below.  The American Muslim Community Centers in Longwood, FL put up a new billboard that is creating a lot of buzz in the area, according to a report by Fox 35 Orlando.  The billboard compares three women from different religions all wearing head covers. Some Muslim women say they get harassed for wearing head coverings because people relate their scarves to terrorism. Leaders from the American Muslim Community Centers hope the sign helps others learn the head scarf is the same as what the “mother of Jesus” or a Christian nun would wear and that wearing the scarf is an “act of devotion. ” Dr. Saima Quresha of the American Muslim Community Centers said of the billboard, “A lot of times people don’t think of the similarity of the Muslim head scarf with the Christian nuns or mother of Jesus, but it all comes from the same thing. It’s an act of devotion it’s an act of worship and it’s about faith. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Former Boston Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling spoke with TMZ Sports about the 2016 presidential debate, and the 2001 World Series MVP called Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton “the most despicably corrupt, lying human being to run for the office. ”  “[Hillary] is, in my mind, the most despicably corrupt, lying human being to run for the office,” Schilling said. “We want the   person. There will never be a more   person than him, unless I eventually run for the White House  —   which is a possibility. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent   Donald Trump is set to hold a private meeting with Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in New York. [Abe wants to “build trust” with Trump, according to CNN.  “I am very honored to see the   ahead of other world leaders,” Abe stated. Trump’s transition team announced on Thursday morning that the   spoke with three more foreign leaders, in addition to the 29 foreign leaders that he previously spoke with, who offered their congratulations after his victory. The three world leaders include: After Trump’s meeting Thursday night with Abe, the   and Vice   Mike Pence will have spoken with roughly 32 foreign leaders. The Philadelphia Inquirer interviews Zdenek Gazda, the photographer who recorded Hillary Clinton’s health episode outside this year’s   memorial in New York City. Apparently for the first time, he reveals what he saw after he stopped filming. [From Philly. com:  Gazda, who lives in Verona, said people have told him he “changed history” because after the video went viral, Clinton’s officials announced she was suffering from a bout of pneumonia that was diagnosed two days earlier.  Clinton’s campaign initially said Clinton left the 15th annual observance at Ground Zero because she felt “overheated. ” Gazda, who had made more than $100, 000 for his famous   clip, said after he turned off his video, said he saw Clinton shaking inside the van. Read the rest of the story here. The Jerusalem Post reports: The deputy commander of Iran’s powerful Revolutionary Guard said the country has over 100, 000 missiles in Lebanon alone readied for the “annihilation” of Israel. [Speaking before Friday prayers on Iran’s   IRIB TV, Hossein Salami also said that Iran has “tens of thousands” of additional missiles that are ready to wipe the “accursed black dot” of Israel off the map, according to a translation from the Farsi by the Middle East Media Research Institute.  Salami is deputy head of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, which is under the command of the country’s Supreme Leader. Read the full story here. Citing new data just received today, long time pollster Pat Caddell called this year’s primary, “A   moment and I think we’ve passed into something bigger,” he added. [Caddell made the comments today to Breitbart News Daily host Stephen K. Bannon.  Citing the data, said Caddell, “It’s unbelievable. This country has left the building if you will on the political establishment, on America in trouble and in decline. ” Caddell also noted that, just as with the last debate minus front runner Donald Trump, none of those themes really get “hammered” without him. “This is what it would have looked like without the insurgents having arrived,” said Caddell, meaning a 2016 Republican primary without candidates like Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and Ben Carson. Caddell predicted a big turnout in Iowa. He also cited Bernie Sanders as proof of an insurgency of sorts on the Democrat side. The entire interview can be heard below.  OO. ready( function()  ) }) LOS ANGELES (AP)  —   Garry Shandling, who as an actor and comedian pioneered a pretend brand of   docudrama with “The Larry Sanders Show,” has died. [advertisement Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “The Kelly File,” Washington Post columnist Charles Krauthammer speculated that although this was a “terrible week” for Republican presidential   Donald Trump, he will likely recover, noting that the predictions of Trump’s demise have proven to be incorrect throughout this election season.  “Look, I’ve said it many times and I was wrong every single time,” Krauthammer said. “We’ve heard the expression ‘peak Trump’ about as often as we’ve heard ‘peak oil’ for the last 50 years and oil is gushing all over the world. So look, I think it is likely that he recovers. But if there is going to be one incident or one series of incidents happening together as we’ve seen in this week that would actually stop his and actually put a question mark in some of his supporters, this would be it. This was a terrible week. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Little Antoinette Ene is blaming “blobs” for stealing her Donald Trump sign from her mother’s lawn. [The    Clarksville, Tennessean can be seen and heard on film asking people to “please not steal anymore. ”  The girl’s mother, Melissa Ene, assured the worried toddler that they would be able to replace the stolen yard signs. “We can’t make America great again without the Trump signs,” the little girl laments.  Melissa Ene says her family has ordered four new ‘Donald Trump for President’ signs to replace the ones that have been stolen. It’s the first time signs have been stolen in the Clarksville neighborhood, Melissa Ene said. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudson RIVERTON, Wyo. (AP)  —   Authorities in central Wyoming are investigating after a woman playing the popular smartphone game Pokemon Go found a man’s body in a river. [advertisement During his presidential visit to Cuba, President Obama posed for photographers in front of an image of notorious Cuban revolutionary Che Guevara. [Obama stood with members of the American delegation to Cuba after laying a wreath at the Jose Marti monument in Revolution Square. The square also features an image Camilo Cienfuegos, another revolutionary who fought with Fidel Castro.  Video from the scene shows Obama discussing where to place the subjects of the photo: Later the president met and shook hands with Cuban president Raul Castro. The View   Whoopi Goldberg has, again, trashed the phrase “ ” and those who choose to “hyphenate” America.   Thursday on NBC’s “Today,” NBC News chief Washington correspondent and MSNBC host Andrea Mitchell reported on the issues Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton is facing in her White House, including a continued battle for her party’s nomination with Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) and Fox News Channel’s Sean Hannity’s interview with presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, in which Trump reference the rape allegation against her husband former President Bill Clinton.  Mitchell described Bill Clinton’s rape accusation as “discredited and  ” in her report on “Today. ” “Donald Trump using that word unprompted, during an interview last night with Fox News’ Sean Hannity, bringing up a discredited and   accusation against former president Bill Clinton, dating back to 1978 when he was Arkansas Attorney General,” Mitchell said. (  WFB) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” former Defense Intelligence Agency Director and current adviser to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump retired Lt. Gen Michael Flynn, said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton should not be too big to jail.  Flynn said, “So a couple things. The very last thing that John Podesta just said is no individual too big to jail. That should include people like Hillary Clinton. Five people around her have had  —   have been given immunity to include her former chief of staff. When you are given immunity, that means you have probably committed a crime. I don’t know how he can sit there and say something like that with all the things that have been going around  —   just swirling around Hillary Clinton with her  . ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN MILO appeared at Auburn University this evening, where he delivered a lecture on how feminism hurts both men and women. [The Breitbart senior editor and   “Dangerous Faggot” appeared in a green blazer, which he removed midway through his speech to reveal a   jersey. Naturally, there were also other adornments: aviators and a swathe of gold chains.  MILO is wearing Team Trump Jersey by Rowdy Republicans ($60).              (Reuters)  —   A Romanian man who helped expose the existence of Hillary Clinton’s private email domain used during her time as U. S. secretary of state was sentenced on Thursday to 52 months in prison by a federal court in Alexandria, Virginia. [Marcel Lazar, who used the alias “Guccifer” online, had pleaded guilty in May to charges including unauthorized access to a protected computer and aggravated identity theft after being extradited from Romania.  Lazar has said in interviews he breached Clinton’s private server at her home in Chappaqua, New York, but law enforcement and national security officials have rejected that claim as meritless. Read the rest of the story at Reuters. Hillary Clinton reacted angrily to Donald Trump’s press conference with military veterans on Friday, calling his actions “disgraceful. ”[“Trump’s actions today were disgraceful,” Clinton said in a statement. “After five years of pushing a racist conspiracy theory into the mainstream, it was appalling to watch Trump appoint himself the judge of whether the President of the United States is American. ”  The Trump campaign said that Republican presidential nominee would address questions about the President Obama “birther” storyline at the campaign event, but he waited until his veterans supporters finished speaking before making a statement. “President Barack Obama was born in the United States, period,” Trump said. “Now we all want to get back to making America strong and great again. ” But Clinton was not pleased by Trump’s handling of the situation. “This sickening display shows more than ever why Donald Trump is totally unfit be president,” she said. Lockheed Martin CEO Marillyn Hewson is seeing what Donald Trump may be prepared to do to get military procurement costs down. [“Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin   I have asked Boeing to   a comparable   Super Hornet!” Trump writes on Twitter.  Earlier in the week, Trump met with Hewson. “We’re just beginning, it’s a dance,” Trump told reporters after that meeting. The latest tweet sent Lockheed shares into a tailspin. According to CNBC, they fell about two percent, losing an estimated $1. 2 billion of market value. Earlier this month, Trump targeted the company because of the   costs of the program. “The   program and cost is out of control,” Trump wrote on Twitter about Lockheed Martin’s program. It has an estimated cost of $1. 45 trillion over the next 50 years. In 2009, the cost of the program was estimated at $900 million. Hillary Clinton wants to take advantage of voters looking for information about Hurricane Matthew, the Category 4 storm currently threatening Florida. [Politico reports that the Clinton campaign will spend $63, 000 to reach Weather Channel viewers there for five days beginning on Thursday. That was confirmed by the Clinton campaign.  Florida officials are sending dire warnings to residents, urging them to seek refuge from the storm. “Evacuate, Evacuate, Evacuate,” Florida governor Rick Scott said, adding that, “this storm will kill you. Time is running out. ” The hurricane threatens unprecedented damage in the important swing state, as climate change alarmists are already citing global warming as responsible for the storm. “The nearly unprecedented rapid intensification we saw with this storm is favored by warmer oceans and greater ocean heat content,” said climate scientist Michael E. Mann to The Huffington Post. Rep. Luis Gutierrez ( ) spoke Saturday on MSNBC about the deportation raids sending families here in the United States illegally back to their Central American countries.  According to Gutierrez, illegal immigration is “really an issue of human rights” for the immigrants to come into the country. He also said U. S. laws allow immigrants to seek refuge and asylum. “This is really an issue of human rights and the rights of these people to come here. I know as the American public looks at them, remember they didn’t come here illegally. We have laws on our books that allow people to come and seek refuge and asylum in the United States of America, so they are using the laws of the United States of America. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent (Reuters) Four vessels from Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) “harassed” a U. S. destroyer on Tuesday by carrying out a “high speed intercept” in the vicinity of the Strait of Hormuz, a U. S. defense official said on Wednesday. [The official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said two of the Iranian vessels came within 300 yards of the USS Nitze in an incident that was “unsafe and unprofessional. ”  “The Iranian high rate of closure  …    created a dangerous, harassing situation that could have led to further escalation including additional defensive measures by Nitze,” the official said. The IRGC, the Islamic Republic’s praetorian guard, is suspicious of U. S. military activity near Iran’s borders. The Guards operate land and naval units separate from the regular armed forces and stage frequent war games in the Gulf, which separates Iran from its regional rival Saudi Arabia and a U. S. naval base in Bahrain. Read the full story at Reuters. The Algemeiner reports: The atmosphere in Berlin is one of “total shock,” the rabbi of the German capital’s Jewish community told The Algemeiner on Tuesday, less than 24 hours after 12 people were killed and dozens of others wounded  —   among them an Israeli  —   in a   ramming attack at a popular outdoor Christmas market. [“People are trying to come to terms with what happened, take the necessary security precautions and understand that there is a new reality,”   movement Rabbi Yehuda Teichtal said. “The primary concern right now is to take care of those who were injured. ”  Several hours before speaking with The Algemeiner, Teichtal visited the Israeli man, reportedly in his 60s, who was gravely injured in Monday’s attack. Read more here. Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” New York Times columnist David Brooks said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s campaign was “based on bigotry. ”  Brooks said, “One final point. this wasn’t just a comment about Mr. Khan. This is a campaign based on bigotry. His campaign took off after San Bernardino and banning Muslims from coming here. We just saw the face of Muslims, that is the reality. I know what temperament means. Attention is the ultimate act of self control. The guy can’t control his attention span. His mind goes bing, bing, bing, bing to one thing after another and it’s just a dangerous prospect in a president to have somebody who just can’t control what’s going to come out of his mouth in the next 30 seconds. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Representative Eleanor Holmes Norton ( ) stated that some members of the Congressional Black Caucus were disappointed that President Obama did not nominate black woman to the Supreme Court because “the only black we have on the court is a black man who’s the most conservative member of the court” on Friday’s “Place for Politics” on MSNBC.  Norton said that some members of the Congressional Black Caucus “thought that maybe we could get a black woman. Remember, the only black we have on the court is a black man who’s the most conservative member of the court. So there was some disappointment. On the other hand, no member of the black caucus has come out against Merrick  —   this nominee, because we don’t know anything about him. So, where we stand is we want a hearing, so we can find out something about him. ” (  Real Clear Politics) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Saturday following GOP presidential   Donald Trump’s victory in the South Carolina Republican primary, political consultant Roger Stone explained to Fox News Channel’s Hannity that Trump’s path to victory was to unite the   “  vote. ”  “You just described the path victory for Donald Trump,” Stone said. “The   vote, which is repudiating the foreign policy, immigration policy, trade policy, fiscal policies of the Bush wing of the Republican party is in a majority, which is why Trump will ultimately be the nominee. When they say oh, well Bush getting out, that’ll strengthen Marco Rubio, yes, but Ben Carson’s votes and ultimately Ted Cruz’s votes, they will end up disproportionately with Donald Trump. That’s how he’s going to triumph. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor Fox News Anchor Megyn Kelly attempted multiple times to bait Republican Party Chairman Reince Priebus into offering negative commentary about former Breitbart News Executive Chairman and current Trump Campaign CEO Steve Bannon’s prior statements about the GOP establishment.[  Lana Shadwick is a contributing writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas. She has served as a prosecutor and associate judge in Texas. Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2. Thursday, Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) used the victory of   Donald Trump to call for a “new direction for the Democratic Party. ”  Sanders said, “I’m not here to blame anybody, criticize anybody, but facts are facts. When you lose the White House to the least popular candidate in the history of America, when you lose the Senate, when you lose the House and when   of governors in this country are Republican, it is time for a new direction for the Democratic Party. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN This week’s OC Weekly cover features a Democratic donkey, with a Hillary for America tattoo, raping a naked depiction of Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump.  BTW, the idea for this cover came from our former sister paper the Riverfront Times, who infamously had the Democratic donkey humping former Missouri congressman Todd “Legitimate Rape” Akins on its cover in 2012 —  good stuff! The OC Weekly cover arrives just one month away from the California primary, which will likely decide the state of the race in the Democratic Party. Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, is just 178 total delegates away from clinching the party’s nomination. Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter @AdelleNaz  Breitbart News Senior    author of Clinton Cash and Government Accountability Institute President Peter Schweizer spoke with The Wall Street Journal about the WikiLeaks email dump that show an arranged $12 million donation from Moroccan King Mohammed VI to the Clinton Foundation in 2014 in return for the Clinton Global Initiative hosting its international meeting in Morocco.  Schweizer called the agreement further proof of “quid pro quo” by the Clinton Foundation. He said, “The reason I think this is so troubling is, first of all, it does indicate pretty clearly there was a ‘quid pro quo’ here. The Moroccans said ‘We’ll do this, but we want her to be here in exchange.’ And second of all, of course, the question is does create in her mind a sense of obligation now to the Moroccans that they donated this $12 million, she didn’t show up  …    ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent    Citing “change” as “the motivator in this election,” former Major League Baseball      host Curt Schilling told Breitbart News Daily host Alex Marlow he expects a Donald Trump victory after the dust settles on election night. [“In my mind, it’s change” driving people to vote this year, offered Schilling, adding, “If the motivation is change, these people aren’t pouring out to the polls for Hillary Clinton. ”  He also predicted an extremely large turnout at the polls Tuesday. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN:  This article was originally published by Reuters: advertisement (AP) Donald Trump’s eldest son says that his family will “respect the outcome” of a “fair election. ”[advertisement HOUSTON, Texas  —    A Muslim man was shot as he was making his way into a mosque in Houston early Sunday morning. It is reported that he has undergone surgery and is expected to live. [ABC13 Houston reported that the incident happened near Bellaire. The surrounding area is very multicultural.  The local news outlet reported that a spokesperson for the mosque, Mohammed Imaduddin, said the doctor was attending 5:30 a. m. prayers when he was approached by three masked people who were on foot. Authorities are asking Houstonians for help in finding the attackers. Lana Shadwick is a contributing writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas. She has served as a prosecutor and associate judge in Texas. Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is maintaining his lead in the L. A. Times daily tracking poll, now sitting at an even 47 percent. His opponent Hillary Clinton has 42. 4 percent. [Trump has maintained a steady lead in the poll since he passed Clinton on Sept. 13, despite going up or down a couple of points.  A Morning Consult poll released Monday shows Clinton leading by seven points nationally. The USC  . A. Times Poll asks    —   about 450 people  —   of an estimated 3, 200 American citizens each day about the presidential race in order to reflect the political pulse of the country. This article was written by Alex Isenstadt and originally published by Politico:  MANCHESTER, N. H.  —   Jeb Bush is already laying the groundwork for a brutal South Carolina campaign against establishment rivals John Kasich and Marco Rubio. In an internal memo circulated late Tuesday evening, the campaign distributed talking points to top campaign aides and surrogates, highlighting lines of attack they plan to take against both candidates. The memo suggests that Kasich, who campaigned extensively in New Hampshire, does not have a realistic path to winning the Republican nomination. Read the rest of the article here.   Donald Trump supports the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline, which has come under scrutiny recently as thousands of activists have protested against it. [“That’s something we support construction of and we’ll review the full situation when we’re in the White House, which will be the appropriate determination of that time,” Trump’s spokesman Jason Miller tells reporters.  Thousands have protested the pipeline for months, arguing that it could damage land and contaminate Native American tribes’ water supply. The Dakota Access Pipeline would be 1, 172 miles long. On Sunday, the U. S. Army Corps of Engineers rejected the application, ordering that the pipeline cannot run through Lake Oahe. Energy Transfer Partners and Sunoco Logistics Partners responded late Sunday, calling the federal government’s decision a “political action. ” According to Reuters, they plan to complete the project without rerouting it. The latest L. A. Times political tracking poll shows Donald Trump now leading Hillary Clinton in the presidential race, but by the slimmest of margins: 0. 7 percent. [The polling result suggests that Trump has reversed his downward slide as earlier this week he was down two points, according to the tracking result on August 24.  The lead has veered back and forth between the two candidates throughout August, even though Trump was ahead by seven points at the end of July. The USC  . A. Times Poll asks roughly 3000 American citizens each day about the presidential race in order to reflect the political pulse of the country. The L. A. Times Daily Tracking poll shows that Donald Trump is pulling ahead of Hillary Clinton again, now leading her by 4. 1 points.  Trump is now at 46. 4 percent while Clinton is at 42. 3 percent, indicated that he is regaining his lead after he started trending downward.  Trump was leading by 6. 7 points last Monday before Clinton started rising again, nearly erasing Trump’s lead by the end of the week. Clinton had a noticeably light campaign schedule last week, hosting a rally on Wednesday in Orlando and a rally geared towards millennials on Monday. She remained at home the rest of the week, resting and preparing for the upcoming presidential debate. The USC  . A. Times Poll asks roughly 3000 American citizens each day about the presidential race in order to reflect the political pulse of the country. On Monday’s broadcast of CNN’s “New Day,”   Alisyn Camerota stated that there wasn’t the bright line between the State Department and the Clinton Foundation “that Hillary Clinton had said was going to exist, or certainly the Obama administration had insisted upon when she went to the State Department. ”  Camerota said, “[T]here is no evidence connecting that there was actually a pay to play scheme, but there’s also not the bright line here between the State Department and the Clinton Foundation that Hillary Clinton had said was going to exist, or certainly the Obama administration had insisted upon when she went to the State Department. If there are these emails and these conversations of, please do a favor for this person, or please grant access to this person, that’s not a bright line. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Sunday on CNN’s “Inside Politics,” White House correspondent for The New York Times Peter Baker explained that Democrats are concerned about the investigation into Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton’s email server that she used while Secretary of State.  Baker said, “Her problem at this point is not the Republicans. her problem is the FBI and the Obama Justice Department and what Democrats are quietly absolutely petrified about is that come summer, you know, you find an indictment of people around her, of her, a request for a special prosecutor, something that just basically turns this into a complete disaster for the Democrats in which it’s too late to change horses. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN During CNN’s coverage of the Democratic National Convention on Monday, the network cut away from a report on protests outside the convention to show the musical performance by Boyz II Men inside the convention.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton sent a passionate video message to the Laborers’ International Union of North America, demanding that they help get the message out about Donald Trump.  She pointed out that she was against “Right To Work” and appeared upset that Trump was gaining in the polls despite his record of supporting it. “Having said all this, ‘Why aren’t I 50 points ahead?’ you might ask,” she said, highlighting Trump’s   union stance.  “Nobody should be fooled,” she said. Watch the  full clip below:  After a week of chaos at American University over tonight’s event, Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos’ is finally getting ready to take the stage. Tune in below!  LIVE on #Periscope: Milo @ AU https:  .   —   Mike Ma (black) (@MikeMa_) April 22, 2016,  During a statement on Tuesday, former Vice President Al Gore argued that the Electoral College should be abolished in favor of a popular vote system.  Gore said he supported keeping the Electoral College even after the 2000 election, because it tied the states together, but now he has changed his mind and thinks the Electoral College should be eliminated. He added that moving to a popular vote system wouldn’t be completely perfect, but that the balance of the “balancing act” has shifted in favor the popular vote. Gore further argued that switching to the popular vote would “stimulate public participation in the democratic process like nothing else we could possibly do. ” (  Mediaite) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett From Nicholas Fandos writing at The New York Times: advertisement Wednesday at the Union League of Philadelphia, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said his Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton was “  and very unstable. ”  Trump said, “Clinton’s policies as secretary of state have left the Middle East in more disarray than ever before, not even close. Had we done nothing, we would have in far better position. Meanwhile, China has grown more aggressive and North Korea, more dangerous and belligerent than ever. Russia has defied this administration at every, single turn. Putin has no respect for President Obama, and has absolutely no respect for Hillary Clinton. Sometimes it seemed like there wasn’t a country in the Middle East that Hillary Clinton didn’t want to invade, intervene in, or topple. She’s trigger happy and very unstable. Whether we like it or not, that’s what’s going on. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The Jerusalem Post reports: As Iranians held reenactments of the captivity of US Navy soldiers by Iran last month, President Hassan Rouhani called for political unity in Tehran on Thursday marking the anniversary of the 1979 Islamic Revolution.  A video of a crowd burning US flags was posted on social media. Iranian media reported that millions of Iranians rallied to mark the anniversary, though Agence   put it at hundreds of thousands and NBC News at tens of thousands. NBC posted video of the main rally in Tehran’s Azadi Square, which included chants of “Death to America and Israel” and   signs. Read more at the Jerusalem Post (Reuters) Denver International Airport evacuated a section of its main terminal on Tuesday as officials investigated a possible security threat, airport officials said on Twitter. [The evacuation area included the west side of the main terminal levels 5 and 6, the airport said. Flights continued while the possible threat was investigated.  Heightened security was put in place at major U. S. airports following attacks in Brussels earlier in the day. Read the full story at Reuters. DPD is evacuating a section of the main terminal on the west side between doors 600 and 610 to investigate a possible security threat,  —   Denver Int’l Airport (@DENAirport) March 22, 2016,  The whole world experienced the attacks of September 11, 2001, in real time. Videos, photos, and audio captured the horror and heroism. In our effort to never forget, Breitbart provides you a visual remembrance of that fateful day when the world changed.[    The hijackers on American Airlines Flight 11 crash it into the north tower of the World Trade Center (1 WTC) at 8:46am.  The first five minutes of cable coverage.  Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates said he has “real issues” with presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s positions on national security.  Gates said, “Well, I have some real issues with things he said about national security policy and some concerns. I think there’s some contradictions. You can’t have a trade war with China then turn around ask them to help you on North Korea. I have no idea what his policy would be in terms of dealing with ISIS. I worry a little bit about his admiration for Vladimir Putin. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Mike Allen writes in Politico’s Playbook that an Obama Administration official has nicknamed the possibility of Republicans nominating Paul Ryan for President in such a way as to mock the party elites’ almost godlike view of the Wisconsin Congressman  —   and how little effort he would have put into the primary. [From Politico:  A Playbooker emails us that a senior Commerce Department official describes a brokered convention picking Speaker Ryan as the “Immaculate Nomination. ” Read the rest of the newsletter here. advertisement On Friday, Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz‘s vice presidential pick, Carly Fiorina, criticized Donald Trump for calling former boxer and convicted rapist Mike Tyson a “tough guy,” after Tyson endorsed Trump.  Fiorina said, “By the way, if I could just add, I was actually interested to see an endorsement the other day by Mike Tyson, for Donald Trump, and Donald Trump saying, wow, all the tough guys are endorsing me. Sorry, I don’t consider a convicted rapist a tough guy. And I think it says a lot  …    that he is standing up and cheering for an endorsement by Mike Tyson. ” Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN Barry Bennett, Ben Carson’s former campaign manager, is now an informal advisor to Donald Trump’s campaign. [Bennett has been a longtime Republican strategist who also served as an advisor to Sen. Rob Portman ( ).  According to the Washington Post: Bennett described his unpaid role as one of counselor and resource to Trump’s top aides as they begin to prepare for a possible   campaign. “I believe Trump is going to win and it’s important that his campaign is ready for everything that is coming,” Bennett said in an interview. “I’m here to do what is needed. I’m not being paid and I’m going to be mostly focused on getting my business back up and running. ” Bennett noted that after he departed Carson’s campaign after growing frustrated with the candidate, he connected with several other GOP campaigns, including with advisers to former Florida governor Jeb Bush and Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas. But Trump’s campaign was the best fit, he said. Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “America’s Newsroom,” while reacting to the controversy over allegations Russia hacked the 2016 presidential election, Rep. Marsha Blackburn ( ) said Democrats need to stop trying to justify and “start learning” why they lost, adding their candidate was one “people did not like and didn’t want to vote for. ”  When asked about Democrats claims the Russian involvement cost Hillary Clinton the election Blackburn  said, “I think that is another of their justifications in a long list of justifications of why they lost. And they need to start learning from why they lost. They completely misread the American people. They were out of step, and they had a candidate that the American people did not like and didn’t want to vote for. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “The Real Story,” presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said his   list includes 10 people with “very big names. ”  When asked about potential running mates Trump said, “I’m actually looking at ten people. Three or four called me up  —   very big names, senate and governors and all, and they want to be considered. We’re looking very, very strongly. I met with Joni. She is terrific and very supportive. As you know, Bob was with me yesterday and he told me everything he really would like to do . Bob is a terrific guy. We spent the day yesterday.  —   very supportive and I’m very supportive of them. I’ll be seeing Newt later on and Newt is Newt, great guy, tough and smart. ” He added, “A lot of people are calling me that you wouldn’t even think about. They want to get their name thrown into the hat. We are going to look at some people. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN During this week’s broadcast, “Saturday Night Live” ran an ad slamming GOP   Donald Trump and his supporters after he failed to denounce white supremacist David Duke last week on CNN’s “State of the Union. ”  The ad, called “Racists for Trump,” featured “real Americans” promoting Trump and then unveiling one person in a Nazi uniform, another ironing a KKK robe, another painting “white power” on a house, a woman with a board labeled “Muslims,” a man burning a book about Mexico and another providing firewood for a cross burning with KKK members dancing alongside it. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent The NFL reported on Tuesday that its Twitter account had been hacked after a tweet went live telling fans that league Commissioner Roger Goodell had died. [As ESPN reported, the tweet, deleted only minutes after it appeared, was posted before noon on June 7, and said, “We regret to inform our fans that our commissioner, Roger Goodell, has passed away. He was 57. #RIP. ”  NFL vice president of communications Brian McCarthy said the tweet was incorrect. Goodell “is alive and well,” he said. The @nfl Twitter account was hacked. @nflcommish is alive and well.  —   Brian McCarthy (@NFLprguy) June 7, 2016, The league also reported that at least two other unauthorized tweets were deleted. The second and third tweets came after the first was deleted. They read, “Oi, I said Roger Goodell has died. Don’t delete that tweet,” and then, “OK, OK, you amateur detectives win. Good job. ” Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com On this weekend’s broadcast of on “Fox News Sunday,”   Donald Trump said he would love to have his daughter Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner “involved” in his administration.  Trump said, “I would love to be able to have them involved. If you look at Ivanka, you take a look and she’s so strong, as you know, into the women’s issues and childcare. So many things she would be so good. Nobody could do better than her. I just have to see whether or not she can do that. She would like to do that. ” On Kushner, Trump said, “I’d love to have Jared helping us on deals with other nations and see if we can do peace in the Middle East. He’s very talented, he’s a very talented guy. So we’re looking at that from a legal standpoint right now. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN From Evelyn Rupert writing at The Hill:  Donald Trump said Wednesday that he thinks “Islam hates us” and said it’s “hard to separate” the religion from radical offshoots. “There’s an unbelievable hatred of us,” Trump told CNN’s Anderson Cooper.   When Cooper asked if hate was “in Islam itself,” Trump said: “You’re going to have to figure that out, OK? Read the rest of the story at The Hill. Rep. Darrell Issa ( ) told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Matt Boyle Thursday, on the heels of the election of Donald Trump, “I am looking forward to draining the swamp. ” He added, “Perhaps since Teddy Roosevelt   …     nobody’s ridden into town with that kind of a mandate to say business as usual is not going to continue. ”[To do that, said Issa, “You need a president who will appoint key cabinet and   positions that have the same mandate to fix government. ” Additionally, he said, “You need to allow Congress to have relatively full and complete access to information. ”  “It’s got to be, essentially, an open book,” concluded Issa. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN:  PARIS (AP)  —   Austrian prosecutors have charged two men with being part of a terrorist organization in connection with investigations into last year’s Paris attacks that killed 130 people. [A statement from the Salzburg prosecutors office Thursday says the two are suspected of helping two other suspects who Austria extradited to France earlier this year through “logistics as well as through gathering information and arranging contacts. ”  The two are identified as a   old Moroccan and a   old Algerian but are not named in keeping with Austrian privacy laws. They also are charged with belonging to a criminal organization. The two extradited in July were a   old Pakistani and a   old Algerian. All four are believed to have come to Europe last year and shared the same Salzburg refugee shelter. After last night’s GOP debate in Charleston, SC, Republican presidential   Donald Trump declared to a group of reporters that his “bromance” with his opponent Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) was over, charging Cruz’s “aggressive” tack toward him was the indicator.  “I guess the bromance is over because he hit me, I didn’t hit him,” Trump said. “I hit him after the fact   …     There was no reason for him to go that aggressive. ” (  The Hill) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor DES MOINES, IOWA. With only days until the Iowa caucus, Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz ( ) is turning his attention to Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) hitting him on his record of supporting comprehensive immigration reform. [On Friday, Cruz changed his typical stump speech to include attacks on Rubio.  Cruz went after Rubio’s record, saying that Americans are “tired of being burned by politicians who claim to be against amnesty. ” “Marco Rubio has gone on Univision and said in Spanish, ‘No, no, no, I wouldn’t rescind amnesty,’”Cruz added. According to the New York Times, Cruz is also expected to buy negative ads against Rubio: In a clip from an interview set to air on Friday’s broadcast of NPR’s “Morning Edition,” President Barack Obama expressed his intent to take action against Russia for its alleged effort to impact the “integrity” of last month’s election.  Obama said that action may be “explicit and publicized” and some of it may not be, adding Russian President Vladimir Putin was aware of Obama’s sentiment on the issue. “I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections that we need to take action,” Obama said. “And we will  —   at a time and place of our own choosing. Some of it may be explicit and publicized. Some of it may not be. But Mr. Putin is aware of my feelings about this because I spoke to him directly about it. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor GOP frontrunner Donald Trump agreed to sit down for an interview with Fox News host Megyn Kelly on May 17th, according to Page Six. [The agreement comes after Kelly recently met Trump at Trump Tower in New York earlier this month.  Trump has sparred with Kelly after saying she treated him unfairly during the first GOP primary debate last August when Kelly asked, “You’ve called women you don’t like ‘fat pigs,’ ‘dogs,’ ‘slobs’ and ‘disgusting animals,’” adding, “Does that sound to you like the temperament of a man we should elect as president?” Wednesday on NBC’s “Today,” MSNBC anchor and NBC News chief Washington correspondent Andrea Mitchell said President Barack Obama was “ready to go  ” to support presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.  Mitchell said, “With that big win now in California, Hillary Clinton has her best argument for persuading Bernie Sanders to concede exactly eight years after Clinton’s painful loss to Barack Obama. But now President Obama is ready to go   to make sure that Clinton can succeed him in the Oval Office. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Former president Bill Clinton used taxpayer funds from cash provided to him as an   to pay for employees to set up the family’s private email server, according to a new report from Politico. [Clinton drew money from the General Services account to pay part of his aide Justin Cooper’s salary  —   the same person who helped set up a private email server in Clinton’s home.  It goes deeper. Clinton used taxpayer funds to boost the salaries of ten different Clinton loyalists, despite his growing wealth from delivering paid speeches. The funds were also used to purchase equipment for the Clinton foundation. Click here to read the full report from Politico’s Ken Vogel. Emily Tamkin at Slate blasts the New York Post for their “trashy” cover story on Melania Trump’s nude photos from a photo shoot for a defunct French magazine when she was 25 years old. [The Post includes quotes from the photographer, Alé de Basse ville, explaining that the artist formerly known as Melania Knauss was always very comfortable being naked, and from her husband, who said of the photos, “Melania was one of the most successful models and she did many photo shoots, including for covers and major magazines. This was a picture taken for a European magazine prior to my knowing Melania. In Europe, pictures like this are very fashionable and common. ”  None of which makes this cover acceptable. A woman should be able to agree to take naked photos for a European magazine in her twenties with the expectation that they will not show up on the cover of a   some 20 years later under the headline “Ogle Office” when her husband decides to run for president. Read the rest here. The legacy of Marcus Fenix lives on in Gears of War 4. Hillary Clinton campaign communications director Jennifer Palmieri wanted to rescue Huma Abedin during one of Anthony Weiner’s scandals. [“Time to get the hazmat suits,” she wrote in the subject line of an email to now campaign chair John Podesta and Clinton insider Neera Tanden.  “Bust in that house and get Huma the hell out of there,” she added in the email. Palmieri with the perfect reaction to Anthony Weiner scandal in 2011  &gt pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) November 4, 2016,  The email was sent before either of them had official roles with the Clinton campaign, but it was clear that they knew and respected Abedin. MSNBC’s “Hardball” host Chris Matthews stated that he doesn’t get Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s foreign policy with regards to the Iraq War, Libya, and Syria on Tuesday.  Matthews said, “My hit list begins with, why did we go into Iraq? My list, by the way, continues along your line with why we messed around with Gaddafi. Why did we get involved with overthrowing a government without any idea of the bedlam to come? And what side are we on in Syria? Please tell me somebody, please tell me what we want to happen in Syria, because I don’t get it. I don’t get Hillary’s foreign policy in any of those three regards. ” (  The Right Scoop) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Tuesday on the campaign trail, Republican presidential candidate Gov. John Kasich ( ) reacted to the news that Corey Lewandowski, the campaign manager for his opponent Republican presidential   Donald Trump, was charged with misdemeanor battery in an incident involving former Breitbart News reporter Michelle Fields at a Jupiter, FL, campaign event on March 6.  Kasich said given the circumstances, he would either fire or suspend Lewandowski if he was his employee. “If I was in this circumstance, I would take some sort of action, either suspension or firing,” he said. “I just have to think about any time where I’ve seen anything that I’ve made an exception to that. There is an exception to every rule, but that’s the action that I would have taken. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The New York Times makes a strong case that the most important player in Afghanistan’s future is not the United States, but Saudi Arabia, because Saudis are funding both sides of Afghanistan’s endless civil war. [“A longtime ally of Pakistan, Saudi Arabia has backed Islamabad’s promotion of the Taliban. Throughout the years, wealthy Saudi sheikhs and rich philanthropists have also stoked the war by privately financing the insurgents,” the Times explains. “All the while, Saudi Arabia has officially, if coolly, supported the American mission and the Afghan government and even secretly sued for peace in clandestine negotiations on their behalf. ” advertisement Oliver Darcy writes at the Business Insider:   Billionaire investor Mark Cuban questioned Friday why the Drudge Report and Breitbart aren’t characterized as “elite media” organizations, noting the outlets have a larger readership than many traditional newspapers. Cuban’s comments came in reply to a National Review writer who mentioned the “elite media” in a story he authored. The “Shark Tank” star asked “who exactly” makes up the group, prompting the author to list The New York Times, The Washington Post, NPR and “leading opinion journals. ” Cuban then questioned why prominent conservative outlets weren’t included in the list, noting many have “bigger audiences” than the organizations the author listed. You can read the rest of the story here. In a conversation with TMZ Sports, golf legend John Daly said he believes friend and   Donald Trump will do more for all races than President Barack Obama.  “[Trump] will do more for our country, and all the races that there are, than the Obama administration has ever thought about doing,” he told TMZ Sports. Daly also added that Trump does not have “a racist bone in his body. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  A suspect has been arrested after allegedly opening fire on a police officer in Roswell, Georgia, early Friday morning. [The suspect is identified as “   Victor Alonzo Majia Nunez. ”  According to   the unnamed officer was patrolling in “the area of Old Roswell Road and Commerce Parkway” when Nunez allegedly fired a shot at him from a passing vehicle. The officer was not hit. The officer gave chase and Nunez crashed his vehicle “after a short pursuit. ” No injuries were incurred during the crash. Nunez was arrested at the scene of the crash. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.     As Senator Harry Reid faces his last days in the Senate, he flashed some gallows humor about the Democratic party’s chances in the 2020 presidential election. [In a profile for New York Magazine, Reid was informed about Vice President Joe Biden’s possible interest in running for president. Asked if he would support the Vice President, Reid replied:  “It depends on who’s running. It appears we’re going to have an old folks’ home. We’ve got [Elizabeth] Warren she’ll be 71. Biden will be 78. Bernie [Sanders] will be 79. ” Reid just turned 77, and is retiring from the Senate for good. “I didn’t make it in life because of my athletic prowess,” Reid said earlier this month as he mused about his political career. “I didn’t make it because of my good looks. I didn’t make it because I’m a genius. I made it because I worked hard, and I tell everyone whatever you want to try to do, make sure you’re going to work as hard as you can at trying to do what you want to do. ” CNN Wrote:  New York (CNN) Donald Trump said Tuesday that a Cincinnati zoo “probably had no choice” but to kill a gorilla after a young boy had entered his enclosure. “It was a very tough call,” the presumptive Republican nominee said at a press conference at Trump Tower in New York when he was asked about the controversy. Trump said the gorilla appeared “beautiful” and “calm,” and almost   with a toddler that came into his habitat. READ MORE Wednesday night on CNN, political commentator Bob Beckel said that Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton could beat Republican presidential   Donald Trump even if she ends up in prison as a result of the FBI investigation into her handling of classified material on an unsecured email server in her home, during her tenure as secretary of state.  Beckel  said “In the end, the   Halloween mask this October will be Donald Trump’s face. You go onto a college campus and mention Donald Trump, and people flee for the wood work. Remind me I said this. She will crush him. I mean she could crush him from jail. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Offensive Language Warning]  Monday night in New York City at a Broadway benefit fundraiser for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, actress Julia Roberts used the   several times. Roberts said, “I was going to sing what Hugh Jackman sang but he fucked that up. Wait —  when you’re live streaming on Facebook can you say that? Wouldn’t it be great if every time an actor so scared and out of their element said fuck you just had to instantly give five hundred dollars. Let’s —  okay let’s fucking make that what goes on right now. I don’t know. I’m just saying. I’ve been dragged out here. I’m scared and tired. Oh, my kids are watching this. So for every bad mother that says the   —  could all the mothers that relate  —   just five hundred bucks. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN CLEVELAND, Ohio  —   Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) one of Donald Trump’s senior advisors, officially nominated the presumptive GOP nominee for President of the United States on Tuesday evening at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio. [“Americans love our country like no other people on earth, but we have gotten off course and the American people know it,” Sessions stated. He went on to say:  Our political system is not working. We operate like the trench warfare battles of World War I, where hundreds of thousands die, but no ground is gained. Good Americans will stand for this no longer. They want the political games, the posturing and the show votes to end. “One man  —   Donald Trump was not intimidated. He would not be silenced,” Sessions praised. “He spoke the truth. He gave voice to the people’s concerns. ” ISTANBUL (AP)  —   Two suspected Islamic State operatives have been detained at Istanbul’s Ataturk Airport, which was the scene of last week’s deadly triple suicide    attack, a Turkish news agency said Monday. [advertisement Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton blasted Donald Trump in Monday night’s Democratic candidate forum in Iowa by calling him “basically a Democrat. ”[Clinton said that she did not buy Trump anything for his wedding, despite the fact that she was in attendance at the wedding. It is customary for guests to buy a wedding gift for the individuals getting married.  With Trump leading Clinton among white   voters and also among white   voters, Clinton is angling to knock Trump down in the Republican primary, apparently by attacking his conservative credentials. However, Trump’s viewpoints on trade and American sovereignty have remained consistent since 1988, when he showed up to support George Bush at the Republican National Convention.  OO. ready( function()  ) }) It was reported Tuesday that the European Commission is moving to make sure that their hegemonic hold on European politics isn’t broken by populist parties that want to save Europe from the Muslim migrant invasion. [“Norbert Hofer failed in his bid for Austria’s presidency, but he would have been cut out of EU ” reported the Times of London.  “The EU will isolate and use sanctions against any   or populist governments that are swept to power or presidential office on the wave of popular anger against migration. ” Pamela Geller is the President of the American Freedom Defense Initiative (AFDI) publisher of PamelaGeller. com and author of The   Presidency: The Obama Administration’s War on America and Stop the Islamization of America: A Practical Guide to the Resistance. Follow her on Twitter here. Like her on Facebook here. Wednesday on the campaign trail in New York, Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton went on the offensive against Republican presidential hopefuls Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ).  She said, “On the Republican side, what we are hearing is truly scary —  when Donald Trump talks casually about using torture and allowing more countries to get nuclear weapons, or when Ted Cruz calls for treating American Muslims like criminals and racial profiling predominantly Muslim neighborhoods. That doesn’t make them sound strong, that makes them sound in over their heads. ” Clinton added, “When a candidate for president says we can solve America’s problems by building a wall, discriminating against people based on their religion and turning against each other, well New Yorkers know better. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Breitbart News Sunday this evening on SiriusXM 125 The Patriot Channel from 7 to 10 p. m. ET, guest host and Breitbart’s Washington Political Editor Matthew Boyle will break down the race in Wisconsin and the road ahead with the full Breitbart team. [Breitbart’s own Patrick Howley, Alex Swoyer, Julia Hahn, and Michelle Moons will each join the show to talk about Donald Trump and Ted Cruz in the Badger State. Breitbart’s Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon will break down the state of the race as a whole, as will Breitbart editor in chief Alex Marlow.  Dr. Susan Berry will also call in to discuss Trump’s problems with the abortion issue, and White House correspondent Charlie Spiering will discuss issues with how the White House handled a video of the French president discussing Islamic terrorism. .@BretBaier: Trump has passed the point of his past being a drag on himhttps:  .  Monday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” Bret Baier, host of “Special Report,” argued that presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s past is no longer a drag on him because he had already passed the point where the electorate would judge him for his past.  “I think that Donald Trump has passed the point of his past being really a drag on him because now he is this vessel of kick over the table and both parties aren’t working in Washington,” Baier said. “I think he has some hurdles to get over from explaining this stuff and the whole thing that he was the public relations guys and that it wasn’t him and that it was him and it’s kind of messy. All of that as far as voters  —   I don’t think we’ve seen throughout this primary that that affects him at all. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor WASHINGTON (AP)  —   It’s no Nobel Peace Prize, but Barack Obama has a new honor to brag about. Scientists have named a parasite after him  —   and there’s no worming out of it. [advertisement Lee Davidson wrote the following article in the Salt Lake Tribune about Republican candidate Ted Cruz’s rallies today in Utah:[Cruz also basked in the praise of two   Mormons: former GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney and conservative talk show host Glenn Beck. [  …    ] Beck, a Mormon and conservative radio talk show host, said he always vows to be the worst enemy of politicians who do not keep promises. “I don’t have any friends in Washington except these two,” he said about Cruz and Lee. He added they are the first politicians he has even endorsed. Beck said that he, like many Mormons, believe in a prophecy that the Constitution will hang by a thread in the last days. He said he believes that now is that time, and people like Lee and Cruz will save it. Read the rest here. A New York City man kept his grandmother’s corpse wrapped in 10 garbage bags for six months before a concerned relative led police to the discovery, officials say. [The body was identified as    Erika   who died in May, WPIX reported.  WPIX reported that her grandson,    Christopher Fuhrer, was arrested by police for covering up his grandmother’s death. Fuhrer allegedly put air freshener in a fan to minimize the smell that began the day after she died, police said. Officers arrived at  ’s home on Wednesday at the direction of a concerned family member when Fuhrer answered the door. Fuhrer directed the officers to the bedroom where  ’s decomposing corpse lay on the floor. Fuhrer faces charges for not reporting the death to a health officer,   removal without permit, and improper burial, police said. A medical examiner will determine  ’s cause of death. Columnist Charles Krauthammer reacted Saturday on Fox News Channel to GOP   Donald Trump winning the South Carolina primary.  According to Krauthammer, Trump cannot be stopped until the bottom three candidates drop out of the race. “Look, the panic ought to be there right now. If you don’t have the field winnowing to three, then I don’t see how Trump is stopped. ” “In a   race, that’s a dead heat with the other two,” he continued. Krauthammer added, “The losing candidates are going to be the ones who have the decisive effect on the trajectory of the campaign. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Friday at a rally for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton in Coral Springs, FL, Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was “ugly” on the inside.  Wasserman Schultz said, “I have a few thoughts about Donald Trump’s appearance but I’m going to keep those thoughts to myself, for two reasons. First of all you could put all the fashion experts and stylist in the world to work for Donald Trump and he still couldn’t win a beauty contest. Wait, wait  —  I want you to understand what I mean, not in this universe. Because you  can’t fix ugly when it is on the inside. Am I right? Am I right? You can’t fix ugly when it is on the inside. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Paul Joseph Watson of InfoWars collected videos from Saturday night’s riots in Milwaukee where participants say they are targeting white bystanders for assault. [#BlackLivesMatter rioters target whites: ”They beating up all the white people.” #Milwaukee pic. twitter.  From InfoWars: advertisement Korean electronics manufacturer LG Electronics will show off a new screen at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) that is so thin and flexible that it can be rolled up like a sheet of paper. [The 18″ screen is expected to be used in smartphones and car displays to bend around the contours of the inside of vehicles.     First announced in 2014, the details of LG’s super flexible display will finally be unveiled at CES this week. LG has placed a large focus on OLED technology, investing $900 million in a manufacturing plant to produce the screens which will be used in everything from big screen TVs to smartphone displays. LG’s flexible screen technology has already been showcased in products like the curved LG G Flex 2 smartphone and a 55″ “ ” TV that is so thin and light that it can be hung from walls by sticking it to a magnetic pad and removed by peeling it away from the wall.  Politico’s Darren Samuelsohn heats up the media arms race for the most trivial assignment concerning   Donald Trump. [From Politico:  Donald Trump and his doctor claim he’s    but his New York driver’s license says he’s actually an inch shorter. A copy of Trump’s license, obtained by POLITICO through an   request, lists the   at   . It may just be an inch, but size apparently matters to Trump. A letter that the businessman candidate displayed this summer from his longtime gastroenterologist  —   while appearing on the Dr. Oz show  —   stated he was    though media reports were quick to point out discrepancies. Read the rest of the story here. On Breitbart News Sunday this evening on SiriusXM 125 The Patriot Channel from 7 to 10 p. m. ET, Breitbart    Alex Marlow will talk to guests about May Day, “Crooked Hillary” Clinton, and the Tuesday GOP Primary in Indiana.    reporter Patrick Howley on the 2016 race. CLEVELAND, Ohio  —   Two executives from Twitter, the social media giant, refused to answer over and over again for more than eight minutes whether the company believes in the basic American principle of freedom of speech. [After Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos —  who was banned for life by Twitter —  confronted the executives, I followed the two around and asked them repeatedly to answer the question: yes or no, does the company believe in freedom of speech?  For more than eight minutes the Twitter executives —  who refused to identify themselves —  would not answer whether they believe in that basic concept. Since they refused to answer the question, Rep. Darrell Issa ( ) —  the former chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform —  did it for them. “They totally believe in freedom of speech as long it’s their speech,” Issa told Breitbart News of the progressive social media company executives that are running Twitter. Watch the full video below:  advertisement Trump crowd chanting ”CNN sucks” during my live shot. (Fact check: we don’t) pic. twitter.  Wednesday afternoon at a rally in Lakeland, FL for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, the crowd chanted “CNN sucks” at CNN reporter Jim Acosta who posted the video to his Twitter account. (  Daily Caller) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Wednesday’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports,” NBC News Chief Global Correspondent Bill Neely characterized Secretary of State John Kerry’s earlier speech asa speech Kerry has wanted to give “for some time, but was more less blocked by the White House,” and “a warning, firing a flare, if you like, across Israel, to try to show Israelis that that   solution, and indeed Israel’s own security is jeopardized. ”  Neely said, “John Kerry has wanted to give this speech for some time, but was more less blocked by the White House, and when it came out at 72 minutes, it was passionate. It was defensive. But it was also, as you say, it was an appeal to Israelis and Palestinians, because he feels the   solution is in jeopardy. And it was also a warning, firing a flare, if you like, across Israel, to try to show Israelis that that   solution, and indeed Israel’s own security is jeopardized. ” Neely concluded that the speech didn’t have any new proposals. Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett Most Americans feel more comfortable with   Donald Trump after Tuesday’s election, according to a recent Gallup poll. [The results show 51 percent of those surveyed said they are “more confident” in Trump, while 40 percent said they were less confident. Nine percent did not have a difference in opinion.  Nineteen percent of Hillary Clinton supporters now say they are more confident in Trump. The percentage of adults who say they are more confident in Trump post election is on par with the percentage that felt the same about President Bill Clinton and President George W. Bush. Sixty percent of men say they are more confident in the   while 40 percent of women are more confident. Only 27 percent of minorities are more confident. The survey was taken from 1, 019 adults across the country from Nov. 9 through Nov. 13. The results have a plus or minus four percent margin of error. Robert Costa of The Washington Post joined Breitbart News Daily with host Stephen K. Bannon on Friday morning and addressed speculation and chatter that a new video put out by Speaker of the House Paul Ryan could serve as a campaign ad. [“I think Ryan is putting himself out there as a national political figure that people can point to beyond the presidential campaign as a face of the Republican Party,” Costa told Bannon. “Based on my reporting, I don’t see any kind of overt or indirect movement toward a presidential bid. But certainly, he is someone celebrated by party elite and conservative figures as someone that could step in in a chaos situation in Cleveland. ”  Costa added, “But most activists, most voters [that] we’ve talked to want someone who has been running for president to acutally be the nominee. ” Breitbart News Daily airs weekday from 6 a. m. to 9 a. m. on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125. Listen to the full interview below:  The Hill reports: Haim Saban, the   billionaire who donated to Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign, has called Rep. Keith Ellison ( .) an “  and   individual. ”[The remarks come as Ellison pushes to shore up support in his bid to become the next chairman of the Democratic National Committee (DNC).  “If you go back to his positions, his papers, his speeches, the way he has voted, he is clearly an   and   individual,” Saban said Friday during a forum at the Brookings Institution, according to CNN. Read more here. Sunday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said his potential general election opponent Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton is not “innocent” in her husband former president Bill Clinton’s “serious” abuse of woman.  Trump said, “Her defense is  —   she’s got a problem. She’s married to a person that’s a serious abuser and I mean, at the highest level, and she  —   you know, she’s not an innocent victim. She was the one that would go along with him in this whole game that they play. And you look at what happened with some of the people that he took advantage of and then she gets involved. So She’s not like the innocent person sitting by the side with tears in her eyes She was very much involved. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Wednesday at a rally in Daytona Beach, FL, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton “should get an award from them as the founder of ISIS. ”  Trump said, “Look what has happened with your employment, look what happened with the whole history of space and leadership, look what is going on, folks. We’re like a third world nation. And then, you get back to crime. You see what’s happening with the police. You see what’s happening with —  take a look at Orlando. Take a look at San Bernardino. Take a look at the World Trade Center. Take a look at what’s going on —  then worldwide, and we let ISIS take this position. It was Hillary Clinton that —  she should get an award from them as the founder of ISIS. That’s what it was. That’s what it was —  her weakness —  her weak policies. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN The latest Bloomberg News national poll shows that Donald Trump two points ahead of Hillary Clinton. [Trump earns 43 percent support to Clinton’s 41 percent. Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson earns 8 percent while Green Party candidate Jill Stein got 4 percent.  The poll shows that both Clinton and Trump have the same favorability ratings 42 percent rate them favorably while 56 percent rate them unfavorability ratings. Trump leads Clinton on voter’s impressions of his health. Sixty one percent say that Trump has excellent or good while only 36 percent said the same about Clinton. Only 8 percent suggested that Trump’s health was poor, while 31 percent said that about Clinton. But voters expect Clinton to do much better in Monday’s presidential debate than Trump.   percent of voters expect Clinton to win, while 39 percent expect Trump to win. The poll surveyed 1, 002 likely voters  during September   with margin of error of plus or minus 3. 1 points. Republican nominee Donald Trump is seeing a   bump with female voters  —   a demographic he was lagging with in comparison to the 2008 and 2012 GOP nominees. [A Morning Consult survey taken over the course of six weeks from June through July showed only about 36 percent of women supported Trump. However, a   poll taken last weekend following the Republican National Convention (RNC) gave Trump a bump with females. Support from women jumped to 42 percent for the billionaire.  Prior to the RNC, independent women supported Hillary Clinton over Trump 33 percent to 31 percent. After the convention, independent women support Trump over Clinton 37 percent to 30 percent. In 2008 and 2012, 43 percent of women supported the Republican nominee. At the White House Easter Egg roll this morning, President Obama stopped to exchange a fist bump with a First Order Stormtrooper character from Star Wars: The Force Awakens. [Obama fist bumps a stormtrooper,   The president and First Lady Michelle Obama welcomed children to the White House, standing with a costumed Easter Bunny. “Today is a little bit bittersweet for us, because this is the Obama administration’s last Easter Egg Roll,” Michelle Obama said. “We love you all and we’re grateful for the love and support you’ve shown us all these years. ” After their remarks, Obama spent time visiting with some children before walking across the lawn with the stormtroopers following him. Watch below (with added soundtrack)  In a Friday interview with NBC Sports Network’s “Dan Patrick Show,” Ohio governor and former Republican presidential candidate John Kasich said he is still undecided on who he will vote for, but it will not be for the GOP’s Donald Trump or the Democrat’s Hillary Clinton.  “I haven’t decided, but I am not voting for Trump or Clinton. Maybe I will write you in, Dan,” Kasich told host Dan Patrick. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  GOP frontrunner Donald Trump misspoke during a campaign rally at First Niagara Center in Buffalo, New York in front of thousands of supporters. [The real estate mogul meant to say   referring to the Sept. 11 terrorist attack, but instead said  .  “I was down there, and I watch our police and our firemen down on   down at the World Trade Center, right after it came down and I saw the greatest people I have ever seen in action,” Trump stated when speaking about the terrorist attack and New York values. “I saw the bravest people I have ever seen including the construction workers, including every person down there, that’s what New York values about. ” Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is firing back after a recent attack by Democrat Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Twitter, shrugging off her criticism by saying, “Pocahontas is at it again! ”[Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U. S. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V. P. choice.  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 10, 2016,   Trump’s tweet is in response to a speech Warren gave on Thursday, endorsing Hillary Clinton and attacking Trump for his rhetoric against Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who is overseeing a fraud cast against Trump University. “If you break the law, you can be held accountable,” Warren stated. The nickname “Pocahontas” is a reference to the controversy over whether or not Warren is actually Native American. Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” comedian and host of the network’s   program Stephen Colbert sarcastically recommended   Donald Trump should read the Constitution.  When asked what one thing Trump should read before entering office Colbert said, “Well, the Constitution wouldn’t hurt because I’m not sure if he’s as familiar with it as, as, as one would hope, and it’s a pretty good read. Pretty good read. It’s well thought out. ” He added, “I actually don’t know what he’s lacking in information. I mean, if we’re to believe his ghostwriter, he might want to read ‘Art of the Deal’ because he says didn’t write a word of it. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN A Donald Trump supporter captured the inside of a Hillary Clinton office in Delaware, Ohio, minutes before a scheduled     effort. [The video highlights the tiny number of volunteers and the general lack of enthusiasm for Clinton in the   city of more than 37, 000 residents.  The latest Suffolk University poll shows Trump beating Clinton in the battleground state of Ohio, 42 percent to 39 percent. “One or two polls would be an outlier. But nearly every public poll in the past few weeks has shown Trump closing the gap,” Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook said in a fundraising message to supporters.  While ESPN’s Bob Ley was reporting on “SportsCenter” after the Tampa Bay Rays vs. Cuba national team game in Havana, Cuba, a political protester hopped up on the set.  The protester got next to Ley on live television, and another started throwing pamphlets in the air. The man was promptly removed from the set, but Ley had to cut his report short for the time being. A few minutes later, ESPN went back to Ley, who said he was OK. Ley reported that authorities came “literally out of nowhere” to arrest a total of six protesters, whose pamphlets were “for the rights and liberties calling for a meeting calling for reforms in Cuban law. For new laws, for amnesty having to do with the freedoms. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Thursday night on CNN’s “Anderson Cooper 360,” as part of her   commentary Republican strategist Ana Navarro said Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) was attempting to win over the evangelical votes to the point that it “was all he could do but start speaking in tongues. ”  Navarro said, “He’s very intense, but that is his personalty. Marco is a guy that’s got a lot of nervous energy. You sit next to him he is always fidgeting. His leg is going up and down. That is just who it is. But he’s not only trying to take votes from Jeb Bush, he’s also squarely going after the evangelical votes. It was all he could do but start speaking in tongues today. You know when he got asked the question about the savoir he turned it into a faith question. He got asked a question about his attacks on Chris Christie, and all of a sudden it turned into a beautifully rehearsed poetic answer on faith. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN On Wednesday, MSNBC’s “Morning Joe”   Mika Brzezinski called for DNC Chair Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) to “step down” over her handling of this year’s Democratic presidential primary.  After playing a clip of Wasserman Schultz, Brzezinski said, “This has been very poorly handled from the start. Ot has been unfair, and they haven’t taken him seriously, and it starts, quite frankly, with the person that we just heard speaking. It just does. ” Brzezinski added of Wasserman Schultz, “She should step down. ” Brzezinski’s   former Republican Congressman Joe Scarborough wondered why Sanders would “get in line” for the Democratic Party, given that they “rigged the entire thing,” and that if he was in Sanders’ position, “I’d say, ‘Go straight to hell, I’m running as an independent. ’” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett CNN, the   cable news network, is in the middle of another round of layoffs. Nevertheless, according to Page Six, 40 staffers are set to lose their jobs and CNN star (and Jeff Zucker favorite) Robin Meade is about to enjoy a $100, 000 toilet:  CNN staffers are hopping mad that bosses are building anchor Robin Meade an expensive private toilet while employees are being laid off at their Atlanta headquarters. HLN anchor Meade has demanded a loo and a sink in her office at Atlanta’s CNN Center, and, according to internal   the lavish latrine could cost up to $100, 000. But the malodorous move has been met with fury by CNN International staffers who have been told to reapply for their jobs. As in our government when Leftists take over, under President Zucker, the rich get richer at CNN as the little guy gets screwed.   Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                 Roll Call columnist Jonathan Allen, during Saturday’s “Who Won the Week” segment on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” awarded Hillary Clinton’s running mate Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) as his winner of the week after Kaine compared Donald Trump and his supporters to slave owners at a Florida AM University rally Friday.  Allen noted how Kaine brought up abolitionist Frederick Douglass’ newspaper, The North Star, and said Kaine was comparing Trump and his supporters to slave owners. “He was comparing Donald trump and his supporters to slave owners, which you would think the RNC and Donald Trump would be even more angry about had they been able to hear it,” Allen stated. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) hit back at critics who say that his tone is overly religious by assuring them that he’s “not running to be ‘  . ”[In an interview with CBN, Cruz said that a president shouldn’t act as a pastor, and that if he becomes president he will, “be a president of everybody, president of every faith  …    ”  “I’m not running to be ‘  .’ It is not the calling of a political leader to deliver the salvation message. That is the calling of us as believers, it’s the calling of a pastor but it’s a different role to be a political leader. ” Cruz was quick to point that he will not be ashamed of being a Christian. “I am a Christian and the Word says if you are ashamed of Jesus He will be ashamed of you. I don’t intend to have that conversation with my maker,” Cruz said. “My responsibility as president is to defend the constitutional rights of every American, to keep every American safe,” he added. advertisement Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani is voting for GOP frontrunner Donald Trump during the New York primary on April 19. [“I support Trump. I’m gonna vote for Trump,” Giuliani stated, The New York Post reported on Thursday.  Giuliani predicted Trump should get more than 50 percent of the vote in the New York GOP primary. “It’s a question of how much he gets over 50 percent. If he wins 70 to 80 delegates, Donald has a good shot of securing the 1, 237 delegates to secure the nomination before the convention,” Giuliani explained of the 95 New York delegates up for grabs. “It’s New York City. We’re family. I can make fun of New York. But you can’t!” Giuliani said of Sen. Ted Cruz’s New York values jab. “I know he was attacking liberal Democratic values   …     I know. I fought to change those policies in areas like welfare reform and policing, as did Mike Bloomberg.   …     There was a better way to say it. ” The Jerusalem Post reports:   graffiti defacing the campus of a British university with vulgar slogans was being removed after the Jewish state’s new ambassador to the United Kingdom paid a visit to the London campus earlier this week, The Jewish Chronicle reported Thursday. Ambassador Mark Regev on Wednesday toured England’s School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS) having been invited by the university’s director, Baroness Valarie Amos. Shortly after his departure, however,   graffiti was discovered scattered about the school’s campus including “F**k  Regev, Amos and Israel. BDS or else. ” A day after Regev visited the SOAS campus, protests erupted by   activists demanding an apology from the university director. New York City police are searching for the man they say was caught on a surveillance camera shoving a bag of feces down a woman’s shorts in Manhattan on Monday evening. [In surveillance video released by the NYPD, the alleged assailant is seen grabbing the unnamed    victim from behind before shoving the bag of feces in her shorts.  The man is then seen fleeing on foot. Police say the man grabbed the woman’s buttocks and threw away a pair of gloves before running away. Watch the bizarre encounter in the video clip below.  The suspect’s face is visible throughout the   attack. Police released a description of the woman’s attacker, noting he’s black with a beard, about 40 years old, 6 feet tall, and around 200 pounds. He was last seen wearing jeans and a green shirt. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudson. Graphic Content Warning]  Friday as police were still searching for the gunman who opened fire at several locations in and near the Olympia shopping mall in Munich, Germany, shocking eyewitness footage from in front of a McDonald’s located directly opposite of the mall, purporting to show the moment a gunman opened fire on a crowd. (  Daily Mail) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN During Saturday’s White House Correspondents’ Dinner, President Obama told the media they have a “responsibility to dig, and to question,” and “It has been an honor and a privilege to work    with you to strengthen our democracy. ”  Obama told the press, “[I]t’s not enough just to give people a megaphone, and that’s why your power and your responsibility to dig, and to question, and to counter distortions and untruths is more important than ever. Taking a stand on behalf of what is true does not require you shedding your objectivity. In fact, it is the essence of good journalism. ” He concluded, “I want to close my final White House Correspondents’ Dinner by just saying, thank you. I’m very proud of what you’ve done. It has been an honor and a privilege to work    with you to strengthen our democracy. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett advertisement Tuesday on “CBS This Morning,” U2 lead singer Bono said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was “dangerous,” and “potentially the worst idea that ever happened to America. ”  Bono said, “Look, America is like the best idea the world ever came up with, but Donald Trump is potentially the worst idea that ever happened to America. Potentially. Could destroy it. ” He added, “I think he’s hijacked the party, and I think he’s trying to hijack the idea of America. And I think it’s bigger than all of us. I think this is really dangerous. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN It is feared that missing migrant children feared being used for organ harvesting as even Muslim groups are criticising the migrant crisis for endangering lives of underage migrants. [advertisement A Charlotte, NC high school student has become an Internet sensation following his school talent show performance.  His talent? Flipping a bottle of water and getting it to land   up on a table. Mike Senatore played it up with dramatic music before flipping his bottle onto the table, which resulted in his fellow classmates erupting. Video of the bottle flip has been shared all over Twitter and Facebook. this guy flipped a water bottle for his talent show  it’s the greatest thing ever 😂 pic. twitter.   —   Dory (@Dory) May 25, 2016,  (  Fox 5 San Diego) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent From Eli Stokols and Kyle Cheney writing at Politico:  Republicans blamed Donald Trump for violence and escalating tension at his campaign events, driving rivals Marco Rubio and John Kasich to say they were no longer sure they could support the GOP   should he become the nominee. “We settle our differences in this country at the ballot box, not with guns or bayonets or violence,” Rubio said Saturday after a night of chaos around a Trump event in Chicago. “You wonder if we’re headed in a different direction today where we’re no longer capable of having differences of opinion but in fact now protests become a license to take up violence and take on your opponents physically,” he said. “This is what happens when a leading presidential candidate goes around feeding into a narrative of bitterness and anger and frustration. ” Asked if he stands by his pledge to support Trump if he’s the party’s nominee, he said: “I don’t know. ” Read the rest of the story at Politico. Donald Trump responded to news that Hillary Clinton’s campaign was planning to place outspoken Trump critic Mark Cuban  —   a Clinton supporter  —   in the front row at Monday’s debate to troll the Republican nominee. [Just got a front row seat to watch @HillaryClinton overwhelm  @realDonaldTrump at the ”Humbling at Hofstra” on Monday.  It Is On !  —   Mark Cuban (@mcuban) September 23, 2016,   “If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!” Trump responded on Twitter Saturday morning. If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2016,  Gennifer Flowers is one of Bill Clinton’s former mistresses. **UPDATE** BuzzFeed reports that Flowers’ assistant, Judy Stell, emailed them a statement saying, “Ms. Flowers has agreed to join Donald at the debate. ” The video above shows the shocking moment when a horde of South London residents stole cases of water from London Marathon runners today, shoving them in bags, suitcases, and carrying them off down the streets. [The videos were posted online today, and shows dozens of people making off with bottles of Buxton water.  The Mail reports:  Bystanders including children could be seen reaching into crates filled with multipacks of bottled water and putting them into   shopping trolleys, large plastic shopping bags and even on top of pushchairs. The Buxton water marshalls seemed helpless as people pushed over the top of each other grabbing what they could. Filming the moment appeared to be one the water station volunteers, thought to be Mark Hudson, who sarcastically said the water supply hadn’t reached the area yet in a Facebook post. The police are investigated the incident, and Buxton water officials at the scene were warned to avoid altercations with the thieving residents. From Kristen East writing at Politico:  Donald Trump needs to stop being “lazy” if he wants to have a good general election campaign, David Plouffe says. Plouffe, President Barack Obama’s 2008 campaign manager and political strategist, spoke with Jon Favreau and Dan Pfeiffer  —   also former White House officials  —   on their podcast “Keepin’ it 1600,” at length about Trump’s chances against Hillary Clinton in November. Trump’s decision to give a set of remarks  —   with the aid of a teleprompter  —   earlier this week is just one example of how the candidate is lazy and unwilling to go about the traditional means of campaigning, Plouffe said. “It’s so offensive as a practitioner,” he said. “Get on your plane and go to Ohio. It’s not that complicated   …     I think he’s actually quite lazy. He’s lazy. ” Read the rest of the story at Politico. Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz argued that there is “a corporate decision from the top” at the Fox News Channel to emphasize fellow candidates Donald Trump and Florida Senator Marco Rubio over him on Monday’s “Mark Levin Show. ”  After Levin said, “Today is Trump Day on Fox. And yesterday was Rubio Day. There’s  —   never seems to be a Cruz Day on Fox. Cruz stated, “Well, it is. And as you understand, that is not accidental, that, by all appearances is a corporate decision from the top. And, you know, they can have their own agenda, but we’re not gonna worry about that. We’re going to worry about getting straight to the voters. ” (  Mediaite) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett After Sen. Ted Cruz urged Republicans to “vote your conscience” at the Republican National Convention,   protesters joined Hillary Clinton by utilizing his message to oppose the newly anointed Republican presidential nominee. [Ted Cruz advice to ”vote your conscience” popular at   march about a mile from GOP convention. pic. twitter.   —   Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) July 21, 2016,   That didn’t take long. The ”Vote Your Conscience” signs have arrived outside the #RNCinCLE https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   L. A. Times Politics (@latimespolitics) July 21, 2016,   From Golf Week:  Arnold Palmer, a   major winner who brought golf to the masses and became the most beloved figure in the game, died Sunday, a source close to the family confirmed to Golfweek. He was 87. Reaction poured in from “Arnie’s Army” of admirers in the world of golf. “We loved him with a mythic American joy,” said Palmer biographer James Dodson. “He represented everything that is great about golf. The friendship, the fellowship, the laughter, the impossibility of golf, the sudden rapture moment that brings you back, a moment that you never forget, that’s Arnold Palmer in spades. He’s the defining figure in golf. ” No one did more to popularize the sport than Palmer. His dashing presence singlehandedly took golf out of the country clubs and into the mainstream. Quite simply, he made golf cool. Read the rest of the story here. On the Monday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart    Alex Marlow will discuss the first presidential debate on Monday night at Hofstra University. [SiriusXM host David Webb, Trump campaign chief policy advisor Sam Clovis, and veteran pollster Pat Caddell will provide analysis of what we can expect from the first   between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton.  Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   . LONDON (AP)  —   Britain has announced plans to house Islamist extremists in separate units in prison after a review found that some charismatic prisoners were radicalizing the wider Muslim population while incarcerated. [The   study concluded that “cultural sensitivity” among National Offender Management Service staff toward Muslim prisoners went too far and “could inhibit the effective confrontation of extremist views. ”  The findings of the review released Monday recommended introducing the specialized units in order to stop a small number of individuals from being able to “proselytize” to other inmates. Some 12, 633 Muslims were in prison in England and Wales at the end of June, compared to 8, 243 a decade earlier. Of the 147 people in prison for   offences at the end of March, all but 10 considered themselves to be Muslim. Friday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” while discussing a sniper targeting and killing five Dallas police officers and wounding seven, former presidential candidate and advisor to presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, Dr. Ben Carson said President Barack Obama should not have brought up gun control this morning during his comments on murders because “now is definitely not the time to get political. ”  Carson said, “Now is definitely not the time to get political. Now is the time to use logic, and ask ourselves, ‘Why do we have a Constitution? Why do we have a Second Amendment? They’re always saying you don’t need a   weapon to hunt deer. The Constitution is not about deer hunting, it’s about people being able to defend themselves from an overly aggressive government or an external invasion. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Young black voters voiced their skepticism on Hillary Clinton when asked about the candidate by liberal advocacy organizations during a series of focus groups organized last month. [As Jonathan Martin reports in The New York Times: advertisement WASHINGTON D. C. March 11, 2016  —   Breitbart News Network CEO and President Larry Solov released the following statement in response to statements made by Republican Presidential candidate Donald Trump attacking Breitbart reporter Michelle Fields:  Breitbart News stands behind Michelle Fields. Even Donald Trump campaign spokesperson Katrina Pierson said Thursday that “someone probably did grab her,” i. e. Fields, though she claimed it could not have been Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski. Trump’s suggestion that Fields made up the incident Tuesday evening contradicts the evidence, including her own injuries, an account from Washington Post reporter Ben Terris, and audio recorded at the scene.  —   Breitbart CEO Larry Solov says company stands by Michelle Fields as Trump campaign dismisses allegation: pic. twitter.   —   Michael Calderone (@mlcalderone) March 11, 2016,  Rio de Janeiro (AFP)  —   Britain’s Justin Rose, the 2013 US Open champion, fired the first    in Olympic history on Thursday with an ace at the   fourth hole on the new Rio Games course. [In the opening round of the first Olympic golf tournament in 112 years, Rose blasted his tee shot into the cup from 188 yards.  The    Englishman, who is ranked 12th in the world and among this week’s   favourites, won the most recent of his 19 career titles at last October’s Hong Kong Open. Rose sandwiched the ace between birdies at the third and fifth holes but a bogey at the   sixth left him on three under, level fifth as he made the turn on a windy day over the   layout. Thursday on CNN’s “At This Hour,” Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) discussed a meeting he had with President Barack Obama’s nominee to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court, Merrick Garland.  Graham said the meeting wasn’t awkward, but was very pessimistic about the possibility of Garland getting a hearing in the U. S. Senate for confirmation. “It wasn’t awkward for me,” Graham replied. “I don’t think it was awkward for him. He said, that’s not my job. He said my job is to tell you why I’d be a good Supreme Court justice. I’m not going to put you through a hearing and beat you up knowing you don’t have a snowball’s chance in hell of  …    ” “You really think it’s a snowball’s chance in hell at this point,”   Kate Bolduan interjected. “You think those are the chances he has of getting a hearing?” “No, it’s less than that,” Graham retorted. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor The Islamization of Britain made an immense advance this week, as a Muslim with extensive ties to jihadis and Islamic supremacists, Sadiq Khan, was elected mayor of London, just as London buses are set to carry ads proclaiming the “glory of Allah. ”[advertisement Vice President Joe Biden weighed in on Donald Trump’s Cinco de Mayo taco bowl Tweet with the caption ‘I love Hispanics! ”[Happy #CincoDeMayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics! https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 5, 2016,   “He’s a smarter guy than this,” Biden said of Trump’s Tweet when asked by Fox 5. “I hope he reaches the point where he figures out that it’s not a game show and he talk in earnest about where he would take the country. Because that is the kind of debate the public deserves. ” I know Hillary [Clinton] or Bernie [Sanders] if he is the nominee, will do that. But the American public deserves genuine debate at this moment in our history on the direction of the country  —   whether we continue the direction we are on and moving forward or are we making a significant change. I’m not sure he knows. The Tweet has been shared more than 83, 000 times on Twitter. A New Jersey man can now fly his ‘Trump” flag outside his home after charges were dismissed against him on Wednesday. [Joseph Hornick, who is a Donald Trump supporter, was ticketed in March for displaying a political sign, as the city ordinance allows political signs only 30 days before the election. New Jersey’s primary is June 7th.  The former firefighter faced a penalty of a $2, 000 fine or   jail sentence, but Judge Louis Garippo Jr. dismissed the charges against Hornick, calling the ordinance “somewhat vague. ” “Let the flags fly. Let ‘em fly,” Hornick stated, according to NJ. com. “You take my freedom away, I’d rather sit in jail, bottom line. ” Friday, former United Nations ambassador John Bolton reacted on “Fox  Friends” to President Barack Obama sanctioning Russian intelligence officials over hacking suspicions.  According to Bolton, the Russians have “walked all over” Obama his entire presidency. “Look, the Russians have walked all over the Obama Administration for eight years,” Bolton said. “It’s really been a pathetic performance. ” Bolton suggested Obama sanctioned the 35 Russian officials “to try and box the Trump Administration in. ” “So, what this last burst of activity has to do is hard to say. I do think it’s intended to try and box the Trump administration in. I think it will fail. This is simply an executive order. If President Trump decides to reverse it, it’s easy enough to do,” he added. (  Grabien) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent New York Times columnist David Brooks argued that criticisms of President Obama for staying at a baseball game in Cuba and continuing his trip to Argentina after the Brussels terror attack are “unfounded” and “political  ” on Friday’s “PBS NewsHour. ”  Brooks said, “I think those criticisms are unfounded. The president  —   we have a big government. We can do a lot of things at once. If the president had skipped the baseball game, and gone home, what more could he have done? I mean, he has a telephone. He can make decisions. He can have meetings. It’s my basic principle that that’s just political  . It’s my most fundamental basic principle, there’s never a good reason to miss a baseball game. And so his decision to do that, I fully support that. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett NEW YORK, Jan 6 (Thomson Reuters Foundation)  —   Saying sorry might sound like good manners but a new app is helping women to stop apologizing so often that they undermine their authority, particularly in the workplace. [“Just Not Sorry” highlights each time a user types a key word or phrase such as “sorry,” “I think” or “I’m no expert” in email, said its creator Tami Reiss.  So far, 53, 000 users have downloaded the free app, which can be used with Gmail on the Google Chrome web browser. It was launched Dec. 28, said Reiss, chief executive at Cyrus Innovation, a software development consultancy. Other   words on the app include “just,” “actually,” “does this make sense?” and “try,” she said, based on the premise that women use such terms to soften their demands at work or try to be likable and in so doing devalue themselves. Read the rest of the story at Reuters. Michigan has one of the largest Muslim populations of any state, yet 6 out of 10 Republicans in the state favored a temporary ban on Muslim visitors to the United States, according to early exit poll results from CNN. [The proposal  —   championed by Republican frontrunner Donald J. Trump  —   was even more popular in Mississippi, where 7 out of 10 Republicans favored a ban on Muslim travel. Those proportions match the range of responses among the states that voted a week ago on Tuesday, ranging from 64% (Virginia) to Alabama (78%).  The exit polls confirm recent public polling results, such as a WXYZ   Free Press poll that showed 61% support in Michigan for a ban on Muslims. Local Muslims in Michigan reacted with concern at the poll results. The exit poll results bode well for Trump, who is thought to be facing a fairly strong challenge in Michigan from Ohio Gov. John Kasich. The   Trump Tower in Washington, DC, has been defaced with “Black Lives Matter” slogans in photos that quickly went viral on social media. [From CNN:  Donald Trump’s new Washington hotel was vandalized Saturday with   messages of “Black Lives Matter” and “No Justice No Peace” on its front entrance. Meanwhile in DC  …    protesters seem to have defaced the Trump International Hotel. Workers just covered the graffiti. pic. twitter.   —   Jazmin Bailey (@JazminMBailey) October 1, 2016,  The vandalism comes in the heat of a racially charged presidential contest. Hillary Clinton, who has met with Black Lives Matter protesters, said in their presidential debate last week that Trump “has a long record of engaging in racist behavior. ” She also famously declared that half of Trump’s supporters are part of a “basket of deplorables”  —   including racists. Read the rest of the story here. Despite months of relentless promotion and mushrooming buzz around boycotts and protests, the 88th Academy Awards Oscars ratings plummeted to an   low. [While Oscars host Chris Rock successfully combined searing comedy and social commentary as he exposed Tinsel Town’s persistent and   problem with race, this year’s show was down 6 percent in total viewership from last year.  “Declining to an   low, that’s down 6% from the 24.  that the ceremony got last year in early results from the 56 markets across the country,” wrote Deadline’s Dominic Patten. “Last year’s Oscars ended up with 37. 3 million total viewers and an 11.  rating in the key demo. That was the lowest performance among adults   since 2008 and the lowest viewership since 2009. ” With an abysmal showing so far, the final tally for this year’s Oscars remains to be seen. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson Reuters covers a Donald Trump Rally in South Carolina:  Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump filled a hotel ballroom with over 2, 000 people for a rally on Wednesday, attracting   supporters as he has in other cities, but was dogged by a rival who is also very popular in South Carolina: Ted Cruz. A dozen people interviewed by Reuters said the Texas senator offered a strong alternative to the   New York businessman, though more than half still planned to vote for Trump. “If he doesn’t drop out of the race, I’m definitely going to vote for him,” Daniel Barrett, 48, said of Trump. When asked why he added the caveat about Trump staying in the race, Barrett said: “He might be rallying the troops for someone else, for Cruz. ” Read the whole thing. advertisement Sunday at a campaign rally in Rochester, NY, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump reacted to The Boston Globe running a dummy front page imagining what the news in the United States would be like if Trump were elected president.  Trump said, “How about that stupid Boston Globe? It’s worthless. Sold for a dollar. Did you see that story? The whole front page  —   they made up a story that Trump  —   they pretended Trump as the president. And they made up —  the whole front page is a make believe story, which is really, no different from the whole paper for the whole thing. I mean the whole thing is no different. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Several news outlets are reporting that former Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney will meet with   Donald Trump at Trump Tower this weekend in New York City. [CNN, Fox News, and NBC News are all reporting this development, with NBC speculating that Romney could be angling for a position as Secretary of State.  From Fox News: Donald Trump and Mitt Romney are set to meet this weekend in New York, Fox News has learned. The meeting between the   and the 2012 GOP presidential nominee  —   who was one of Trump’s most outspoken Republican critics during the primary season  —   comes amid an intense round of meetings Trump is holding with prominent Republicans. Some are speculated to be under consideration for   Cabinet positions others are thought to be providing guidance. The   meeting could at least be a chance for the two to set aside their differences from the 2016 season and forge political unity. Read the rest of the story here. .@WhitlockJason: If you’re pro national anthem protest in the NFL, you don’t understand football culture. pic. twitter.  Fox Sports 1’s “Speak for Yourself” released a clip of   Jason Whitlock discussing 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick’s national anthem protest, saying it has no place in football because the sport is not politically correct or liberal.  In the clip, Whitlock also called Kaepernick’s protest a “demonization of police” that is divisive and a distraction from the real issues that   face. “Football and its people are not politically correct or liberal. Football culture is conservative and religious,” Whitlock explained. “Kaepernick’s tactic and   demonization of police are divisive,   and a distraction from real issues impacting  . ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent The latest batch of Wikileaks emails reveals further collusion between mainstream media journalists and outlets on the one hand, and the Hillary Clinton campaign on the other. [Andrew Breitbart called that collusion the “  complex,” and it first emerged in 2008 with the exposure of “JournoList,” whose members discussed accusing conservative writers of racism to distract from the Jeremiah Wright scandal. Wikileaks proves: “JournoList” lives on. Here are the winners thus far.  More, apparently, to come. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. His new book, See No Evil: 19 Hard Truths the Left Can’t Handle, is available from Regnery through Amazon. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak. CNN pundit S. E Cupp has had enough of Trump fans calling her a “cuckservative. ”[In a column for CNN, Cupp lashed out at the people who criticised her and other conservatives for attending a    meeting at Facebook’s headquarters earlier this week, to address concerns that the company has a liberal bias. Headlined “Conservatives need Facebook, and Facebook needs us,” Cupp called for more conservative engagement with the social network while attacking Trump supporters for allegedely sowing division within the movement.  Cupp began her article by highlighting some of the abuse she’s received on social media since the meeting: (Reuters)  —   Web giants YouTube, Facebook, Twitter and Microsoft will step up efforts to remove extremist content from their websites by creating a common database. [The companies will share ‘hashes’  —   unique digital fingerprints they automatically assign to videos or photos  —   of extremist content they have removed from their websites to enable their peers to identify the same content on their platforms.  “We hope this collaboration will lead to greater efficiency as we continue to enforce our policies to help curb the pressing global issue of terrorist content online,” the companies said in a statement on Tuesday. Tech companies have long resisted outside intervention in how their sites should be policed, but have come under increasing pressure from Western governments to do more to remove extremist content following a wave of militant attacks. Read the rest of the story at Reuters. Chicago Tribune editorial board member Clarence Page stated that Pope Francis’ statement about GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump is something “a liberal, progressive minister would say, in    conversation” on this weekend’s “McLaughlin Group. ”  Page said, “[T]he statement that Trump’s attitude of building walls instead of bridges is not Christian did not startle me. It’s the kind of thing that ministers say, that a liberal, progressive minister would say, in    conversation. ” Page added that Trump responded “as he often does, with   overreach. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett (AFP)  —   A Google computer’s stunning   victory in a      over the ultimate board game highlights the need to keep Artificial Intelligence under human control, experts said Saturday. [advertisement Thursday at her weekly press briefing, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) said if the Republican Party rejects the will of the voters and does not nominate the eventual   Republican presidential candidate, Democrats would reap the benefits in November.  Pelosi said, “So I do believe the person that wins in the public arena  —   in the campaigns —   will be the person who will be our nominee. On the Republican side, where they really don’t have so much as super delegates, I dont think they have any. On the Republican side, if they reject the public will, they will really hand us a bigger victory than I’m even anticipating now, because that will be an implosion of the Republican Party. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN Twelve facts reveal what everyone needs to know about the FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email server. [Those twelve facts consist of: advertisement   Donald Trump has stated his commitment to helping California’s farmers attain more water, as the Golden State prepares to enter its historic sixth year of a crippling drought, with a federal water policy in place that favors fish over agriculture. [However, the authority of California’s state agencies over the allocation of its water supply  —   which includes the federal Central Valley Project  —   remains a staggering obstacle the nation’s 45th president must confront. Particularly, as the Sacramento Bee points out, when it comes to the   Joaquin Delta, which is where the endangered Delta smelt primarily reside.  Over a year ago, Fresno County farmer Wayne Western Jr. penned a letter to Trump pleading for help. His farm, like many others in his situation, could go out of business if nothing is done to address the water situation. According to the Bee, Trump replied with a handwritten pledge, writing: “Got it  —   crazy. If I win, it will be corrected quickly. ” BRISTOL, Tenn. (AP)  —   A man accused of shooting indiscriminately at passing cars and police on a Tennessee highway told investigators he was angry about police violence against   authorities said Friday. [advertisement During Monday’s “The Herd” on Fox Sports 1, host Colin Cowherd argued that the Olympics ratings are down roughly 28 percent because of the extreme like and dislike people have towards the GOP and Democratic presidential nominees.  “The Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton election is a thing,” Cowherd said. “They are predicting Super   ratings for the debates, three of them. CNN is up 70 percent, MSNBC is up 45 percent, Fox News is up 33 percent. Those are staggering numbers in the slowest time of the year. They’re doubling their audiences, Why? Donald Trump. Trump and Hillary are so polarizing people and they have such strong followings or strong   they repulse so many people and that has embedded their followers even deeper into their disdain for the other that it’s taking away male viewers who are moving to Fox News, MSNBC and CNN. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent A New York Judge will hear arguments Tuesday on a lawsuit challenging Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz’s eligibility for president. [According to Newsday: State Supreme Court Justice David Weinstein is considering the claim by two men who say Cruz isn’t “a natural born citizen” of the United States as constitutionally required for eligibility. Cruz was born in Alberta, Canada, though his mother was a U. S. citizen living there. His father was a native of Cuba. Barry Korman and William Gallo argue that in American common law citizenship status cannot simply pass from parent to child. Thursday on Chicago’s   890, “Big John Howell Show,” facing  a tough reelection, Sen. Mark Kirk ( ) said he will not support presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump because “he’s too bigoted and racist. ”  Kirk said, “I do not support Hillary Clinton and I told the public that I did not support Donald Trump, either. I think he’s too bigoted and racist for the Land of Lincoln. ” (  Politico) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN In a 2011 internal review of the Clinton Foundation,  the organization’s own employees gave it poor marks for effectiveness,  rating it at a dismal 4 or lower on a scale of 10. [The revelation from WikiLeaks’ dump of John Podesta’s emails,  comes from an internal review done of the charity by Simpson and Thacher,  which raised huge questions about conflicts of interests at the organization.  Clinton Foundation employees rated the foundation’s work in the   area a    on the same scale, but the report highlights serious concerns about corruption, conflicts of interest and  . The report notes: The report paints the picture of an organization where “there is no clear ‘command and control’ structure. ” Simpson and Thacher suggests correcting the troubling problems by setting the “tone at the top” including Bill Clinton.   Donald Trump directly addressed the nation of China with his Twitter account Saturday, as he spent the weekend watching the news about China stealing an underwater drone belonging to the United States. [On Saturday morning, Trump noted that the drone was seized in international waters, calling it an “unprecedented act. ”  China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters  —   rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 17, 2016,  The tweet first spelled “unprecedented” as “unpresidented,” which became a trending topic on the social media platform after users mocked the typo. Trump deleted and   the message with proper spelling. Later on Saturday, China announced that they would return the drone, prompting another reaction from Trump on Twitter. “We should tell China that we don’t want the drone they stole back.  let them keep it!” he wrote. Betsy Woodruff writes that Ted Cruz “needs a win in Indiana to stay relevant in the 2016 race, so he has enlisted the help of the three Gs: God, Glenn, and Gohmert. ”[From the Daily Beast:  Hoosiers are Ted Cruz’s last hope. The   consensus is that without a victory in Indiana’s Republican primary on May 3, Cruz will have no credible way of arguing that he could still snag the nomination. But if they give him a win, his campaign will live to fight on. It’s his hour of greatest need. So after Hail Mary veep picks and strange alliances, the Texan has turned in the home stretch to God, Glenn, and Gohmert. Cruz is looking to   the Wisconsin and Iowa magic, filling the state with   radio favorites and recruiting endorsements from dozens of pastors. It’s a mix of strategies that’s brought him success in other Midwestern states. But in Indiana, the outlook is a bit bleaker  —   and the Cruz Crew is living on a wing and a prayer. Read the rest of the story here. On the Sunday broadcast of “The Cats Roundtable” on New York City’s AM 970, host John Catsimatidis spoke about the upcoming 2016 presidential election with economist Arthur Laffer, a former member of President Ronald Reagan’s economic policy advisory board.  Laffer not only predicted a victory for the GOP, but he would be “surprised” if they did not take as many as 47 of the 50 states. “I would be surprised if the Republicans don’t take 45, 46, 47 states out of the 50,” he said. “I mean, I think we’re going to landslide this election. ” “I think Donald Trump is phenomenal, I think Rand Paul has done a great job, I even like Jeb Bush. I think Jeb Bush is great, he did a wonderful job in Florida. Chris Christie  —   phenomenal,” Laffer added. He later said Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton’s “day is over. ” “I don’t think Hillary’s going to win this election no matter whom she runs against. I mean, Hillary’s day is over. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent NEW ORLEANS (AP)  —   Former New Orleans Saints player Will Smith was shot and killed Saturday in what appeared to be a road rage incident that has shocked fans of the   athlete. [advertisement Former and potentially future first daughter Chelsea Clinton is defending her decision to stay on the board of the Clinton Foundation, even if her mother is elected president. [“I’m committed to helping steward that transition because it is complicated,” she said, during an appearance on ABC’s The View.  Chelsea Clinton insisted it was important to keep her father’s work at the foundation intact, citing the millions of people who were receiving aid from her family’s legacy project. “We also employ about 2, 000 people, we have a responsibility to the millions of people who are benefiting from our work, we also have the responsibility to our employees to make sure that they have jobs in the future,” Clinton said. When Clinton was asked if she would continue to raise funds for the foundation she refused to answer, saying that “we’ll see” after the election. “For now, I’ll certainly stay on the board,” she said. With less than 24 hours’ notice, over 10, 000 people have gathered at CFE Arena at the University of Central Florida to listen to Donald Trump speak. [Trump, who canceled his appearance at this year’s Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) to continue campaigning before Super Saturday’s caucuses, looks to strike in Marco Rubio’s home state of Florida.  Trump is expected to speak at 2:45 Eastern time. Two hours before the event was set to begin, supporters were already filling up the arena. Supporters still outside the arena are reportedly being turned away by the fire marshal with the building filled to capacity: Inside, supporters and media pack the arena as they wait for Donald Trump to take the stage: From Jon Silman writing at The New York Post:  A Florida judge body slammed Gawker’s bids for a new trial and reduction of the massive $150 million judgement made in favor of Hulk Hogan. Judge Pamela Campbell said she couldn’t find a case quite like Hogan’s lawsuit, which successfully proved that Gawker violated his privacy by posting footage of him having sex with a   pal’s wife. “I appreciate the case law that was on the garden variety  —   but really none of those cases were like this case,” she said. “There were medical cases, not comparable. ” Still, Campbell upheld the jury’s findings and award to the former pro wrestler. Read the rest of the story at The New York Post. Chicago Tribune Editorial Board member Clarence Page stated that the US’ “diplomatic actions and our military actions” “were completely lacking” after the toppling of Gaddafi in Libya on Friday’s “McLaughlin Group. ”  Page said, “[I]t’s ironic to see Barack Obama, who was elected on a mandate of people who were opposed to our intervening so recklessly in Iraq, that he’s gotten involved in the same thing. And I mean, with the best of intentions, as always, you know, the initial idea was to stop Gaddafi. OK, we stopped Gaddafi. Gaddafi was killed. But then, what came after? The  —   obviously, our diplomatic actions and our military actions afterwards were completely lacking. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett NBA Commissioner Adam Silver addressed rumors that the NBA could move its 2017   game out Charlotte, NC to protest the controversial North Carolina bill that requires public school and university students to use public bathrooms according to their biological sex.  Silver called the law “problematic for the league. ” He also said that he is working with Charlotte Hornets ownership seeking to “effect change in North Carolina. ” “The law as it now stands in North Carolina is problematic for the league. There was no discussion of moving the   game. What the view in the room was, we should be working towards change in North Carolina. I have been working very closely with the Charlotte Hornets, with Fred Whitfield who’s the president of the team and together with ownership down there to seek to effect change in North Carolina,” Silver said. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent The    gunman who killed nine people in a shooting spree in Munich had been planning his crime for a year but chose his victims at random, officials said on Sunday. [“He had been preparing (the shooting) for a year,” Bavarian police chief Robert Heimberger told a news conference.  Chief prosecutor Thomas   added that he did not specifically choose his victims. “It is not the case that he deliberately selected” the people who he shot, he said. Europe reacted in shock to the third attack on the continent in just over a week, after David Ali Sonboly went on a shooting spree at a shopping centre on Friday before turning the gun on himself. Officials said Saturday that Sonboly, a   student, had a history of mental illness. Investigators said they saw an “obvious link” between the killings and white supremacist Anders Breivik’s massacre of 77 people in Norway exactly five years earlier. Chancellor Angela Merkel said Munich had suffered a “night of horror”. ”De overwinning van #Trump is een staatsgreep door 